Essence of the Warlord
By consuming the essence of the Warlord you are granted several boons.
A body just above peak of your species in ability, one sculped to your tastes.
Infinite willpower to tackle any foe, even bloody and broken you will not stop.
Endless endurance, stamina, and immunity to pain.
You possess potent regenerative abilities, otherwise fatal wounds like getting impaled through the heart or having your intestines torn out is a minor inconvenience. Organs will right themselves and heal back as they were, severed limbs will come back and reattach themselves, and any unwanted or hostile foreign contaminants will be expelled with extreme prejudice. Even decapitation is not the end as long as your brain or body is relatively intact. Anything too damaged or completely destroyed will otherwise simply spring forth anew where it should be. 
Supernatural mastery of many weapons and unarmed styles, even just plain old brawling.
Immense skill conducting war on a strategic and tactical level.
Good handle of logistics and how to raise and train a force from a small band of soldiers to entire armies.
Charisma to lead and inspire said armies even at your darkest hour.
The ability to call forth homunculi troops that are trained and equipped (including mounts, beasts, or vehicles up to a certain size) to at the very least of the standard of whatever world you find yourself in. Should you have different tastes or the requisite skills these forces may be called forth with equipment that is produced by yourself such as enchanted weapons and armor for your elite troops. The number of homunculi you can call forth is determined by your power, the stronger you are the more homunculi can be called forth. These homunculi are absolutely loyal and cannot be turned on you through normal methods. The upkeep and Logistics of these homunculi are taken into account when summoned the necessary supports summoned with them.


Essence of the Scholar
By consuming the essence of the Scholar you gain several boons
Perfect memory with infinite storage
Beyond genius level intellect, do calculations and process things faster than super computers.
Immunity to insanity and memetic hazards. "Things Man Was Not Meant To Know" becomes more of a guideline than a rule
Mastery of many sciences, even ones man has not discovered yet
Can reverse engineer anything with enough time.
Gain practically infinite trains of thought and ability to multitask.
Gain knowledge of any data storage device or book just by touching it no reading necessary, this effect can be turned on and off.

Essence of the Mad Doctor
Perfect memory with infinite storage
Beyond genius level intellect
Can make potions that can do almost anything, from immortality, to regeneration or even cause someone to fall in love with a specific target.
Immunity to disease and poison mundane and magical
Immense knowledge on occult and alchemical lore that updates itself should you find a way to travel to different worlds.
Supernaturally skilled at medicine, can cure just about anything with some research, already know how to tackle most ailments already.
Master of life and biology, able to create homunculi that are superior to regular versions of their species in all areas including being ageless and perfectly loyal to you.
you may also create other creatures like sewn together Frankenstein abominations, chimera, or other mutated beasts.
Can conjure ingredients from thin air.

Essence of the Crafter
Master craftsman, able to design, build, and maintain anything from machines to a simple shovel.
Flawless work, anything created will never rot or rust only able to be destroyed through violence. These creations are extremely durable as well.
Creations work better than one made by someone else.
Can conjure dead or inorganic materials needed to work with from thin air.
Ability to craft items on par with those in myth and legend, spears that never miss, swords that can cut through anything, invulnerable armor, etc.
Can force specific abilities onto items through sheer skill and ability to craft on a conceptual level.

Essence of the Assassin
A body just above the peak of your species in ability, one sculpted to your tastes and tougher then it should be. This body can grow in ability and durability through training.
Granted some sort of innate energy like Ki, Chakra, or something like that you can use to empower yourself in different ways such as body reinforcement. Perhaps even develop techniques with it as well.
Supernaturally skilled at stealth, sneak successfully even through powerful magical wards or the toughest mortal security.
Can mimic people down to their looks, voice, personality, with study and even get their memories if you manage to touch them. Also a masterful actor able to fall in and out of a roll or mask without fail and on the fly.
Able to conceptually kill anything no matter how immortal.
Supernatural mastery of many weapons and unarmed styles, even just plain old brawling.
Supernatural senses, able to see miles away, hear a rodent fart in a quiet field, etc.
Can travel through shadows as well as turn invisible.
Able to create corporeal clones that are absolutely loyal and have all of your powers and abilities. Just as tough as you as well. Limited to three initially but this number will grow with practice.

Essence of the Binder
By consuming the essence of the binder you gain several boons
Have the ability to mark targets with a sigil of your own design. This sigil manifests wherever you want on their body and may even be full body tattoos should you wish. The Mark can become invisible without active use. At its base lets you telepathically speak to each other and know the exact location and status of whoever marked. This mark is completely immune to any sort of tampering save yourself and is otherwise permanent though you may remove any mark with but a thought.
Those bound by the mark gain access to weaker versions of the essences you have, even this one. You may choose which essences they are empowered with. They may also be granted weaker forms of other powers you may possess at your discretion. If the mark is removed they will retain some but not all of this power just wisps of it.
Marked beings who mark others will give weaker versions of their own powers to their marked
Marked beings have infallibly loyalty hammered directly into their mind and body. They will not and cannot consciously or unconsciously choose to hurt you or go against your will unless you allow it or outright order them to. This loyalty may be dialed from slight trust all the way to complete and total devotion. This function only rests with you and those you explicitly give it to. You may optionally discard this function permanently this once.
The Binder has the ability to invoke ‘commands’ which are absolute orders the marked is compelled to follow to the best of their ability even temporarily ramping up abilities or forcing their body to do something it isn’t normally capable of to achieve it. This function only rests with you and those you explicitly give it to. You may optionally discard this function permanently this once.
Those marked may be summoned and dismissed by you at will and even stored away in a void inaccessible by all but you for safe keeping when not needed. They will be in a sleep like stasis when in storage and will not suffer from the passage of time or basic needs.
If a marked individual is killed even down to the soul they will instead respawn safe and sound inside your storage. Dead beings can be marked if you have remains, a object heavily associated/meaningful to them, or a soul to interact with, they will reform alive as if they had died as one of your marked.
You and others marked may set conditions and requirements for certain powers or essences, even restrictions that lock down powers should they violate a restriction or other punishment.
those marked can have their appearance, traits, attributes, and mark changed by the binder to anything possible within the limits of their species or abilities. You can reset any changes made or revert to an earlier change.

Essence of the Archmage
By consuming the essence of the Archmage you gain several boons
Perfect memory with infinite storage
Beyond genius level intellect
Capacity to learn any ‘magic’ even unique ones upon seeing it once or understanding enough about it. This also includes things like Ki, Chakra, soul power, etc.
Possess a supernatural reactor that can adapt to any supernatural energy to fuel spells, enchantments, powers, etc. this reactor provides a steady supply of power that will grow over time, right now you could use high consumption abilities with wild abandon and still not make much of a dent after a few hours.
Can teach others systems even if they previously lacked the capacity.
Manipulate entire systems or combine then with experimentation.
are capable of casting any spell as long as you have the energy not requiring any extra element like a focus or materials. The time required to cast if any remains however.


Essence of the Echidna
Gain the ability to transform into a monster of your own design with any associated powers it would come with, its power will allow it to sweep aside armies of mortals to begin with but can grow with training or tinkering with its form. You may shift to and from it instantly. You may also manifest it separately as an avatar if you prefer. As an avatar you may control it separately from yourself as a puppet like being or make it a loyal companion. It can also take a human or hybrid form. (you may also use this hybrid form)
this monster form has the ability to create and manipulate a few supernatural substances that can act (like silk, mud, etc.) that can bind and trap things. anything encased within will be preserved indefinitely unless released needing no sustenance. this material is supernaturally strong. This trait may be applied to elemental powers. Corrupting fire, binding ice, etc.
you can freely apply any powers or essences you have to the monster form.
You can shift the monster form by having it undergo a metamorphosis to change itself. During this you or the monster form will surround itself with a cocoon and shift over several hours or more depending on the changes made. This cocoon is obscenely tough but not invincible.
You have a complete genetic archive of all life on earth through its entire history present or one other setting in you with perfect understanding of its contents. This archive grows and updates the more species you encounter and take samples of.
Can mix and match parts, genes, species to your hearts content and produce them without a partner or implant them in a target who can then be bred to create more.
you may also convert targets into monsters through different methods. Any you convert will count as your spawn/creature.
You no longer need a partner to create offspring instead budding them off you, forming them from magical power, spawning malleable larvae, etc.
these creatures are innately loyal to you and cannot be willingly turned against you, that includes converted life. Any that are killed you can decide to preserve their essence and bring them back reborn anew. 
These creatures are not restricted to the rules of reality so strictly so you may create monster girls or shark wolves, etc. In the same vein you are able to develop Biotech with the same ease and sophistication as a civilization might build a machine.
You can with an amount of effort create lesser Echidnas which will have all of the powers and form you have as an Echidna on a weaker scale. They and their children regard you the same as any spawn you might have created personally.


Essence of the Dragon
Gain a dragon form of your own design. This form regardless of design is supernaturally strong and durable, maybe even other attributes depending on the exact form as well as secondary powers aside from its element and sub elements like some weather manipulation or supernatural ability to dig through stone. In dragon form you can lay waste to entire armies, and kingdoms in short order. You may switch to and from this form near instantly but can also partially manifest different part of your dragon form while in human form though they will be somewhat less effective. You grow larger the older you get which in turn amplifies your powers with no real limit though it is slow, taking centuries for great growth.
You are immortal and undying, requiring neither food nor water or any other thing needed by regular creatures to survive, instead relying on your own innate energies.
Your mind is similarly a bulwark against the fog of ages, giving you perfect memory with instant recall. Mind based abilities and illusions bounce right off of your superior draconic mind.
Your body is exceptionally durable, your scales especially able to shrug off immense punishment in addition to causing supernatural attacks such as magic to slide harmlessly off of you like water does with a duck, some might even bounce back at the caster. Your bones, teeth, and claws are nearly indestructible. 
Immense endurance, stamina, and immunity to pain.
Regenerative and resurrective ability that will steadily return you to perfect health and capability no matter the damage, even if reduced to a skeleton and burried you will eventually get back up. The best most mortals could hope to do is to is disable you.
Gain power over one or more element(s) able to manipulate, control, and generate it and several sub elements, said element(s) can be intrinsically tied to your biology, fire might give you black scales that look like volcanic rock and lava blood or just supernaturally hot fire that acts as blood. You are immune to your elements and resistant to others.
Confers lordship over dragons, dragon like creatures, and reptiles. As long as they aren’t more powerful then you the being in question they will feel the urge to serve you as you are their king/queen by birthright.
Are extremely fertile/virile, anything with functional sexual organs can be successfully bred.
Can bring other dragons into existence, or lower dragon type creatures like wyrms or wyverns, even dragon men though these bear much weaker dragon blood. The stronger the spawn the longer it takes, all of your dragon children will be perfectly loyal from hatching/birth and worship you even.
Dragon blood however is extremely powerful, by giving another mortal blood you may impart a fraction of your might. They gain a large measure of endurance, stamina, vitality, and may develop more draconic traits later down the line. Perhaps even become a dragon should they live long enough.
Can sense treasure, gold, and waifus for miles, even deep underground.

Essence of the Lich
You no longer require the basic needs of living creatures such as eating, drinking, sleeping, etc.
Your body is that of an undead meaning any damaged suffered is not fatal unless your whole body is destroyed. Should it be destroyed your body will be rebuilt from a nearly indestructible phylactery that houses your soul.
You are tireless, lacking any sort of limitations to your stamina and feel no pain.
Immunity to disease and poison.
Can manipulate spirits/souls and consume souls to increase your power in various ways.
Gain the ability to generate, manipulate, and control a miasma of death that has extreme entropic effects on anything it targets, even immortals.
The ability to raise, summon, create (from nothing), and command the dead and undead. You are capable of bringing back any dead entity as long as you have its corpse even very small fragments, or just the soul. These undead are absolutely loyal and can never be turned against you or wrestled from your control. Hostile undead either first must be overpowered or slain before you can control them. You can even use your powers to animate vehicles, objects, and even buildings even if they are utter wrecks.

Essence of the Bright Lord, Grey Lord or Dark Lord
This essence has branching paths, you may either embrace the purifying essence that is the bright lord or the corrupting essence that is the dark lord. Differing options are marked with (BL) (GL) or (DL) Pick either one to receive its benefits but not the other.
Gain a superhuman body that is sculpted to your specifications. At its base you can throw fully armored men with little effort, punch large beasts unconscious with a single blow. Your body is similarly tough as well as swift in comparison.
Very intimidating and can instill fear even into the bravest of souls, even make the cowardly fall over dead from pure shock and fear from your presence.
Can manipulate spirits/souls and consume souls to increase your power in various ways.
(BL) Mastery over extremely pure power that has a variety of uses ranging from curing any disease, restoring the target back to their true form, blessing warriors with holy abilities, slaying demons and binding angels, and purifying or enchanting items, buildings, and even land. There are bound to be even more possibilities if you just look hard enough.
(GL) Mastery over a more neutrally aligned power. This power can do healing or curses, enhance warriors and bind creatures among other things. What it lacks is the extremes and bonuses granted by the pure and corrupt powers from the bright lord and dark lord. So while it is not better at binding angels or demons or does more damage to a particular creature beyond its raw potency it lacks the inherent weaknesses of the bright and dark lord.
(DL) Mastery over extremely corruptive power that has a variety of uses ranging from creating horrifying mutations on a target, cursing people with crippling ailments, empowering warriors with dark gifts, summon forth bound demons, corrupting items, building, and even the land itself into a twisted parody are just a few things it can do. Who knows what you might discover in time.
(BL) can sense any corruption or infernal power within something or someone even if they are suppressing it.
(GL) can sense supernatural energy in general but lacks the fine differentiation that the bright or dark lord specialize in.
(DL) can sense any purity or divine power within something or someone even if they are suppressing it.
Quite capable at taking someone and breaking them down as a person and rebuilding them into whatever you wish.
Can find willing henchmen/troops even in places where it might not seem probable and in decent numbers.
Superhuman skill at economics, logistics, politics, and other things needed to run a functional power.

Essence of the Kyuubi
You gain the power of a nine tailed fox, having a fully manifested form that may be very large, a hybrid form as something in between such as just revealing your ears and tails and a regular human form.
Superhuman body with all aspects enhanced with the benefits increasing to full if you take on your full form. Senses are especially enhanced and cannot be overloaded by stimuli.
Immortal and will not die of old age, also perfect memory with infinite storage and immediate recall.
You can easily shapeshift into anything you can think of but will always show some of your true nature as a Kyuubi some way.
The ability to weave very complex and powerful illusions such that they can with enough effort manifest in reality.
Can call upon fox fire which can burn almost anything.
Can put a variety of curses upon people such as bad luck, injuries, or other afflictions.
Great control over the elements.
Space and time bends and warps to your whims

Essence of the Admiral
You gain a body at peak physical condition with whatever particular aesthetics you desire.
Obtain the mind of a tactical and strategic genius for warfare the likes of which rival the great admirals of the past like Nelson, Togo, and Yi Sun-sin.
Also receive the skills and ability of an expert captain, able to command and wield your flagship like a fine instrument of death.
Ability to call upon vessels from across the multiverse to serve you. These vessels will have crews that are loyal to you no matter their origin. Upon summoning them you understand how to use them for maximum effect. You may determine the crew composition.
Similarly you may chose a particular ship, class, or design your own and you will receive it as a flagship.
Can awaken a vessels spirit and give the vessel full sapience. Vessels may also be summoned like this being manifested with the ship in control of themselves and utterly loyal to you.
You may also give vessels avatars so they may experience life as a living being as well, this also comes with a choice of converting their hull to make them mecha musume. You may also chose to become whatever you chose as your flagship to feel the same power the rest of your vessels experience.
Any vessel that falls in the line of duty can be resummoned though the stronger it is the longer it takes. Existing wrecks may be added to your fleet and will be repaired once the appropriate amount of time it would have taken to resummons them has passed.
Supplies for any vessel in your fleet will slowly regenerate over time ensuring you are never totally out of resources.

Essence of the Primordial
The vestiges of a fallen primordial titan are infused into your being. Whatever the original titan was is gone but the essence has caused you to develop into a nascent primordial being. With time, effort and will you will grow into a mighty being.
By your very nature you are now immortal and immune to the ravages of time, disease, and poison except of the highest caliber.
Your mind is vast and eternal having perfect memory with no limit to storage
You have several concepts that are under your purview, this could be things like war, fire, earth, etc. Your power over these concepts grows with training, experience and age.
You gain several different forms a primary form which can upwards the size of a planetoid to start with, smaller forms to interact with others better Based on these concepts decides on how your different bodies function and are formed. A primordial of nature might be made from plants, rock, water, magma and other natural things.
You can create a separate dimension to reside in or stow away your giant body when not needed.
You can shunt off chunks of yourself to create subsouls that are utterly loyal to you. Organization and nature of these subsouls are up to you.
As a primordial being the strangeness of being forged from concepts affords you the ability to warp and twist your surrounds such as bringing forth matter where there was none or creating events where it should normally be physically impossible to occur. This ability gets more powerful and versatile like your concepts and in fact works better if the action is tied to your concepts.

Essence of the Dungeon Master
You gain control over the creation and manipulation of dungeons.
Have a dungeon core that leaves you ageless until it is destroyed and generates a hefty amount of energy to supply your dungeons functions.
Should you die you will respawn as long as your dungeon core is intact.
Gain supernatural skill in architecture, engineering, puzzle crafting, trap making, enchanting, and building dungeons.
Can summon dungeons of your own design that are small to start with but with time and effort you can make them larger and larger by expending energy. You can de-summon and resummons these dungeons in different locations.
Can summon monsters, people, and items you encounter from generic templates to populate your dungeons. These beings will be loyal to you and respawn eventually if killed or be replaced by similar beings like themselves.
You have perfect awareness of everything that occurs in and around your dungeons, can turn this on and off at will.
Can emit a sort of call that will lure in monsters and adventurers to your dungeons. Can filter certain things like how powerful the beings attracted by the call will be. The lure is only a call though, not an irresistible compulsion.
Capturing or killing adventurers in your dungeon gives you more energy to play with.


Essence of the Giant
The blood of giants of old flows through you. You gain the body of a gargantuan giant strong enough to take on armies with little trouble and tough enough that even unconventional weapons aren’t highly effective as they should be. Even magic is somewhat dimmed against your hide. 
Capable of going into a berserking rage that empowers you to even greater heights, you are in full control even under the influence of this rage.
You heal incredibly fast, wounds sealing up in moments, and even missing limbs restoring themselves after a little more time
You are able to spawn lesser versions of yourself in the form of smaller giants, oni, trolls, ogres, etc.
By sharing your blood with others they can gain traits of giants.

Essence of the King
A body just above the peak of your species in ability, one sculpted to your tastes.
Infinite willpower to tackle any foe, even bloody and broken you will not stop.
Endless endurance, stamina, and immunity to pain.
A signature bloodline with several benefits up to your discretion. Can pass onto your descendants.
Perfect memory with infinite storage
mastery of many weapons and unarmed styles, even just plain old brawling.
Immense skill conducting war on a strategic and tactical level.
Good handle of logistics and how to raise and train a force from a small band of soldiers to entire armies.
A mastery of economics, logistics, politics, and other things needed to run a functional power.
Charisma to bend the will of entire nations and the sheer presence of a monarch that others would describe as divine.
Optionally begin with a kingdom of your own design, from its general people, cultures, customs, military, etc. Its initial size can be up to that of a proper continent. The Kingdom can retroactively insert itself into any new world you visit or be housed in its own shielded pocket dimension. Most entities will be unable to pass to your realm freely unless they are significantly powerful such as gods.

Essence of the Colossus
You have the body of a gargantuan colossus, inorganic yet aware beings that have more in common with statues and architecture then any living creature. Whatever materials it is formed of and its design in general are at your discretion it may even have alternate modes. You can switch between this form in in instant.
You are ageless, have limitless endurance, stamina, and are immune to pain.
Your mind is eternal and you will no longer get bored.
You have the capability to produce smaller beings like yourself that act as servants or garrisoning forces, whatever you prefer.
Any damage you sustain will automatically repair at a glacial pace as long as you are even somewhat intact. You can repair yourself actively though if you need to be quick about things though.

Essence of the Commander
You either gain the body of or have access to the body of a commander. This commander is a massive robot/mecha that can rapidly construct technology, reverse engineer nearly anything it encounters with enough time, fight wars on a mindboggling scale with little difficulty and numerous other things. The exact technology and powers held within this extremely complex machine are up to your discretion, perhaps it even runs on magic. You may freely apply essences directly to the commander specifically to grant it additional function or protection.
Your technology and any you collect and modify is blackboxed so that it is extremely difficult to reverse engineer without help on your part. You may choose to disable blackboxed tech for things you want to share or don’t care not to share.
Infinite willpower to tackle any foe, even bloody and broken you will not stop. Any previous mental damage or trauma will be repaired and further trauma and damage is extremely tough to inflict upon you.
Basic training, enough to fight and defend yourself against most regular foes.
Immense skill conducting war on a strategic and tactical level.
A mastery of economics, logistics, politics, and other things needed to run a functional power.
As the commander you gain perfect and infinite memory with instant recall. Furthermore your mind is able to process and successfully handle the multitasking and management needed to keep your forces in the fight at a massive scale.
Any units you create are unwaveringly loyal, they cannot be turned against you save with unwilling subversion.

Essence of the Home
You gain a personal home that exists outside of reality and beyond the reach of most entities. This home is practically impenetrable to any being you do not want inside, even a supreme deity could not pierce the barriers in place on this property.
The home can be of your design or you can let it surprise you by generating itself based on your needs and wants so it fits itself to you perfectly. As your needs change and grow the home will expand with new facilities as needed.
The home takes care of the basic utilities automatically and requires no connection to any preexisting infrastructure to function. In addition it has functionally infinite supplies of whatever mundane food and drink you could desire.
While inside the home you and anyone you bring will not age, have any basic needs, or suffer from illnesses.
You may optionally have the home create servants to tend to it while you are gone, you also may give the home sapience to manage things. The home is utterly and unwaveringly devoted to you. It cannot be influenced to change its mind otherwise.
This home has the capability to travel through the multiverse and can give you passage practically anywhere. It can insert itself into these places or simply open a portal for you to travel through.
Any additional essences will add functionality to this one in the form of additional rooms and facilities depending on what the essence was.

Essence of the Demon Emperor
You gain the form of a demon emperor, ruler of Hell with a design generally up to you. This form is supernaturally powerful and outstrips almost any mortal or immortal for that matter in raw attributes and a host of other abilities up to you based on the form you take. Regardless you could beat gods to a bloody pulp as you are now.
Perfect memory with infinite storage as well as agelessness.
Gain dominion over the seven deadly sins, can use them in a variety of ways including conceptually.
You are a font of pure corruption, a walking source of impurity, disease, pain, misery, all the evils of the world are at your disposal. You are able to twist, corrupt, taint, and pervert anything you get your claws into to your hearts content. As a side effect you are immune to corrupting or purifying effects.
Able to create and summon all sorts of demons to serve you, whether they be Imps to the lords of hell themselves. These demons are oathbound to be loyal. You can corrupt others into demons and resurrect the dead into demons. You can have any demons you create able to access your Hell. Other demons and demon like creatures will see you as something of profane divinity on an instinctual level.
Have your own personal Hell that you have total control over. Whether it be a classic fire and brimstone with wailing souls of the damned, or just a blank void. You can transport yourself too and from it instantly and appear anywhere within said realm. Things brought into this hell can be imprisoned and sealed away or tormented by your demons, really whatever fate you may wish upon those unfortunate enough to fall into your grasp.

Essence of the Sorcerer Lord
A body just above the peak of your species in ability, one sculpted to your tastes.
Endless endurance, stamina, and immunity to pain.
Infinite willpower to tackle any foe, even bloody and broken you will not stop.
Perfect memory with infinite storage
Know much magical lore with mastery of several schools or types of magic. These may be existing types of magic or of your design.
mastery of many weapons and unarmed styles, even just plain old brawling.
Immense skill conducting war on a strategic and tactical level.
Good handle of logistics and how to raise and train a force from a small band of soldiers to entire armies.
A mastery of economics, logistics, politics, and other things needed to run a functional power.
are intimidating, and can put fear in the gut of even hardened soldiers or suicidal fanatics.
Are skilled in the creation of items and servants. Whether it be magical swords, golems or growing terrible monsters to serve you.

Essence of the Dragon Rider
You become a dragon rider, an individual that has somehow made a mighty dragon bend to your will.
Receive a dragon with a design and abilities up to you. It is at the very least somewhat intelligent, powerful enough to destroy sturdy medieval castles in short order, unbreakably loyal to you, and immortal. As long as it lives you will not die of old age or age past your prime.
The dragon is bonded to you, both of you can tell what the other is feeling and generally have a understanding of what you each want and act accordingly.
The bond between you and the dragon has pushed your body to just above peak human and given you minor abilities based on its own.
Have basic martial training in fighting on foot as well as mounted whether it be on horseback or dragon.

Essence of the Grandmaster
By consuming this essence your stats, skills, attributes, powers, and anything that can grow are instantaneously pushed to their natural peak or when your theoretically most able state would be. An Exalt would find themselves at Essence 10 with many charms and possibly millennia of new ‘memories’ for example. This does not grant an infinite perpetually improving boost if paired with anything that breaks these natural caps.
Any new skill, attribute, power, or ability you gain will near instantaneously mature to mastery or its most potent state.
You gain an archived and indexed library of all of that you know. This may be a mental space like a mind palace or a literal space like a dimensional archive. Its nature is totally up to you.
Anyone you train will be able to grow in ability extremely quickly then they would be able to otherwise.
You can at will get a general sense of the potential of someone as well as individual destined to be great or terrible.

Essence of the Harem Protagonist
There is something about you that can attract anyone, even strange alien beings beyond the comprehension of mortals and gods alike. What it is that attracts these individuals will vary from person to person but there will always at least be something that will pique their interest. Their interest can easily blossom into fondness, a desire for friendship, or even genuine love if given some time to interact with you in some way whether it be in person or through hearing about you.
Are quite a bit tougher, enough that you could survive the rather destructive results of typical harem shenanigans. You will never suffer crippling or lethal wounds from any of those in your harem.
You will passively draw towards you individuals that have significant power, importance in their world plot wise or some other reason, grand destinies, and this such as that. Toggleable.
Granted infinite stamina and vitality, you are a quite able lover, able to please a mind boggling amount of people into bliss.
Any individuals that become part of your harem will be more willing to put aside differences and grievances to work towards your happiness and their own if circumstances permit. The feelings and loyalty they have for you will remain eternally strong unless you do something terrible to change that.
Fate, Destiny, and coincidence will bend, twist, warp, and maneuver to keep those in your harem yours. That doesn’t mean they are bound to you forever if they honestly want to move on, just that things like individuals with mind control abilities, infernal lust powers, or a dirty monster tries to claim them these attempts at taking them will fail quite spectacularly. You can sense any who try to claim what is yours and who they are.

Essence of the Hivemind
You are now a hivemind, a collective of minds bound together in unity. How this takes shape is up to you but by default you are the central and dominant intelligence of the hivemind but start out with no other minds linked to you.
All that are part of the hivemind have a mental link to you that cannot be severed and can talk with you or each other through it.
Infinite multitasking, memory, and memory storage to handle the load of the hivemind. You will always have access to the collective might of the hives knowledge, skills, and any memories added to it.
You can spawn bodies either direct copies of yourself or customized ones. Everything about them from their looks, personality, attributes, and powers can be changed or modified when they are first created. Anything that places them above that of regular mortals has to be something you possess or have added to the hive. As long as at least one body is intact you and the collective cannot truly die.
Other individuals join either with their consent or by overpowering their will with your own. Those absorbed will have their memories, skills, and knowledge added into the collective. Their consciousness will remain if desired and will be loyal unto its total destruction.

Essence of Apotheosis
The ichor of the divine flows through your veins. By consuming this essence you have ascended to godhood.
You have the mind body and soul of divinity and exist beyond the frailties of mortals. Your memory is infinite with perfect recall. your body, skills, and abilities will never degrade even if you languish for eons. Even without using any of your powers your body is a weapon of mass destruction on its own, enough to slay lesser gods just using your raw strength. Your soul is eternal and will eventually reform you whole should you ever somehow be killed.
There are a number of domains that fall under your purview, these could be classic ones like the Sky, Earth, Death, or others. You can manipulate these domains as befitting one of your station bordering on the conceptual. Regardless you can perform miracles that have the themes of your domains, acts that defy convention and even fate, such as burning out the illness of the faithful or killing their fear in times of desperation.
Can hear the prayers of any of those who worship you or any calling out for intervention. Similarly you can empower mortals who worship you with abilities based on your own domains. These powers can be revoked or restored as you see fit.
You can create a personal afterlife for you worshipers any yourself to serve as a home it can be one realm or multiple depending on your tastes. Any faithful or those you claim that die will automatically have their soul sent to it.
By expending some of your might you can raise up mortals to divinity either as fully fledge gods or weaker but still mighty demigods.
Able to create servants whose form and function are up to you whether they be humanoid angels or terrifying chimera that punish sinners. These servants are utterly loyal to your will.

Essence of the Dominator
Gain a new body that sits at the peak of your species in capability, you are free to customize your appearance within the realm of what is possible.
Have a very noticeable and commanding presence, weaker beings cower or are in awe of you more often then not. Stronger beings will at the very least treat you with a degree of respect even if they wouldn’t otherwise.
Very good at subduing opponents and keeping them restrained, you can even seal any powers they have leaving them helpless while bound through some method up to you. If desired, they can be given a humanoid form that they can switch to or be forced into for easier access.
You can change and reshape the powers of anyone the more you plow them. 
You cannot be dominated against your will, any attempt to do so will backfire catastrophically for the wannabe dominator. You are furthermore immune to fear, manipulation, or otherwise subversion of your indomitable spirit.
Unmatched in the realm of sexual activities, even the most ennui stricken succubus or goddess of lurid passions could be left a mewling mess. This bypasses any passive or active resistances and immunities that might stop it, your hands are the doom of any sapient creature you might care to lewd. 
All of your fluids are like a supercharged aphrodisiac, even the iciest composed soul would be reduced to an utter slave begging for another taste. Luckily no one can overdose on it. You can toggle this effect or only have it effect certain fluids. This effect bypasses any passive or active resistances and immunities that might stop it.
Your sexual organs are similarly mighty, whether it a sword that Aphrodite would swear devotion too or sheath that could tame the flighty Zeus himself. You would be hard pressed to find any being that wouldn’t utterly submit their being to you after a round of sex. Even beings that would normally be extremely resistant if not immune will find themselves defenseless to you.
You have perfect control over your fertility/virility, your line will never suffer from any issues of inbreeding or unwelcome mutation.
Possess inexhaustible stamina
Heart shaped pupil effects optional.


Essence of Progenitor Human
Become the origin point of humanity, the first and greatest human. Gain a body that is vastly superior to that of any normal human in all attributes. You can develop any ability innate to other versions of mankind such as those that are from alternate universes if you come in contact with them. Things like bloodlines, strange powers that can develop naturally and so on. These abilities will grow to match your level with enough time and effort.  
Immune to poison and disease. You are also ageless.
You can create resources from nothing and how they manifest, such as forcing pillars of gold to shoot from the ground as massive landmarks or flooding a depression with fresh untainted water turning it into a pond. Even plants and animals except other sapient beings may be created in the same manner. 
Extremely charismatic on the level of whipping up strangers into a frenzy with a few choice words and easily gaining die hard loyal supporters with little effort. Humans especially will see you as a symbol of the species and rally to you should you take up a cause. Even beasts and monsters are not immune as any may be overwhelmed by your mandate to rule nature.
You learn extremely quickly, taking in months of experience in days, years of experience in weeks and decades if not a century of experience in years.
Can survive and thrive in desperate situations and adapt accordingly even if logically you would most likely die an ignoble death.
Can learn and understand anything with enough study, even reverse engineer and reproduce strange alien devices or magical artifacts with human sciences.
Similarly you can uplift more primitive groups of humans to the standard of science and technology that you understand. 
Can breed with anything and still somehow result in a viable half human hybrid that takes more after their human side then alien. Toggleable 
You can produce several distinct types of humans depending on the quality of your partner. Regardless all types are immune to mundane diseases and poison. Men of Gold, Silver, and Bronze are resistant to supernatural poison and disease. 
Men of Gold, the closest to you in abilities and can generate resources/life and learn just as you. They do not visibly age and their lifespan is many times that of a normal human. Unfortunately they are rather difficult to breed. Men of Gold are natural leaders and can organize themselves and their lesser brethren effectively for whatever purpose you desire.
Men of Silver, who are smaller and inferior to Men of Gold but still vastly superior to those of lesser men in ability and hold the same that Men of Gold have from yourself but weaker still. But they are much easier to breed then Men of Gold and can act as effective seconds to the Men of Gold
Men of Bronze, are very physically powerful and aggressive, they only retain the ability to learn quickly from yourself. War is in their blood and they will very quickly develop strong combat abilities that allow them to roll over even Men of Gold or Silver if they outnumber them. They can be bred in large numbers and work well under a Man of Silver or better under a Man of Gold.
Men of Iron, or more or less enhanced mundane humans. They are closer to the peak of humanity but lack anything else in regards to inheritance. There are the bare minimum that you are capable of breeding and extremely easy to do so if not easier then what you know as humanity. 



Essence of the Developer Console
Drinking this gives you access to the developer console of every universe you may find yourself in.
Every single facet of the universe from individuals, events, and objects can be changed through using console commands. You can even write and install ‘mods’ to make sweeping changes to the universe and turn them on and off as you wish through a handy mod manager. Universes retain any changes made to them unless reset. You can travel to new universes using the console. You can even choose to have the console create mods that you would like automatically and update or remove them as you desire or ‘download’ them again using the console interface. 
The console also comes with a handy save and load function allowing you to take snapshots of a specific instance and reload however many times you wish even if you are killed somehow. Even rendered helpless you can still load any existing save you might have.


Essence of Overwhelming Infinite Cosmic Might
Whenever used in conjunction with a CYOA all possible resources choices and possibilities are rendered infinite.
Any of your powers, skills, and abilities can never be drained, reduced, or otherwise limited in any form or fashion unless you will it so.
Any drawbacks that are a result of your choices in a CYOA or required complications may be nullified at will. Further restrictions may also be disregarded as suggestions rather then concrete iron clad rules.

Essence of the Magic Contractor
Gain the ability to grant magical powers to others of your own specifications like creating magic girls of various types, creating d&d like ‘classes’ that people can advance in. You have control over everything from abilities, skills, specific powers, or drawbacks given to each type and can create as many as you want. The stronger the type is the more energy and time is required to successfully create it. Creating a stereotypical fighter class would be fairly easy, creating a class that grants near omnipotence would be nearly impossible and very resource intensive. You may automate the creation of these types by setting a general theme and suitable types will be created based on the world in question and theme chosen. Time and energy are still required to be expended to create new types even with automation.
Can create dungeons to your specifications including the layout, rewards available, traps, and things found within or leave it randomized which will generate a range of dungeons appropriate for the world and location based on how much magic there is and how ‘strong’ that world is. A normal would see bottom of the barrel dungeons with mostly mundane creatures and slightly magical items.
Able to introduce magic to worlds without it or strengthen it with a massive jolt of raw power. The world will quickly change into a magical one with beasts of legend rising and perhaps even gods if the magic is strong enough. Mortals without a doubt will gain magic some more likely than others and able to pick up whatever powers you set up to be available. Worlds with existing magic will find it stronger, enriched, and overall much higher quality then it had been previously. This can also serve to reawaken or revitalize a world that has seen its magic diminish.
Essence of Vessels
 You are able to separate your soul from your body and interact with the world as a spirit. Should you suffer a physical death your soul will persist instead of being forced into the next cycle that it might otherwise be placed into.
Your soul is immortal and can restore itself from complete oblivion or erasure from existence after some time.
While not inhabiting a physical body you can attempt to possess another body even if there is already another soul within by overpowering their will. Even corpses can be possessed though any damage they have suffered will remain unless you have a method to heal them.
Any physical body you have successfully possessed is added to a pool of vessels that you can at will summon and inhabit. These bodies are perfect copies of the original at their greatest and will possess all the knowledge, memories, skills, abilities, and personal items that they had at their disposal. Any damage to them all the way up to complete destruction will be slowly repaired automatically. None of these copies have a will of their own and are on their own empty shells. You may begin with a body of your choice should you desire.
Essence of Essences
You can grant essences to others but cannot grant yourself any Essences. This does not restrict you from having another essence to allow this. However you cannot give others the Essence of Essences.
Any companions you have from another CYOA can be automatically upgraded with the Essences you desire them to have either when they join you or retroactively. This will not disturb their life experiences unless you wish for it to change them.
Receive a dagger that can remove or suppress the Essences of anyone you have granted them to. The dagger cannot effect the Essences of those you did not have a hand in giving to said individual nor can it work on yourself to remove any Essences. Said dagger is indestructible and can when desired pierce or cut through nearly anything or selectively target things like someone’s magic or soul. The dagger can shapeshift into other melee weapons if desired, you can summon it to your side at an instant.
Receive a cloak or set of robes that makes you immune to the essences of those you have granted to others. The cloak is nearly indestructible and regenerates if damaged It can also sustain you indefinitely as long as it is worn, you can summon it to your side at an instant. They can shapeshift into other clothes on demand.
Essence of the Golden Wrought God 
Your soul is transplanted into the body of an ancient forgotten artificial god, forged by the greatest smiths and mages for a war lost to the ages.
The Golden Wrought God body is built on a skeleton forged of nearly indestructible enchanted Orichalcum further inscribed with runes and spells that laugh off magic, reality warping, time manipulation, and other exotic abilities. Your body now has limitless stamina, can regenerate from your skeleton in seconds, and continue to fight even if reduced to a skeleton albeit with more limited mobility. Should your skeleton manage to be damaged it is easy to put it back together and even if your very bones are scattered through creation or beyond you can unerringly track them down and easily reclaim them once you find them. Should your skeleton be reduced to a state where it cannot self repair it will simply create itself anew, meaning even if you are reduced to a Divine Core you will eventually be restored.
Your muscles, organs, and skin are also tough able to survive any conventional weapon short of a nuclear bomb or similar level weapon. Your flesh is just as enchanted and inscribed as your skeleton giving you golden runes and spells engraved across your body.
Your physical attributes match those of heroes, the strength of Hercules, the speed of Achilles, and the intellect of Chiron.
Your body takes the shape of your ideal self or what form you would find most aesthetically beautiful for yourself. This beauty enhances any charisma or intimidation factor you have. 
You have limited shapeshifting within the bounds of the human form and can assume any sex or in between at will.  
Your Willpower is functionally infinite, can shrug off any influence and will remain unchanging in the face of all opposition save for those that come from the self.
Your mind is forever augmented by this implantation giving you immense intelligence, Infinite Multitasking, perfect memory, infinite capacity, archiving and indexing. The works of those that created the god body are known to you, as is the knowledge, wisdom, and esoteric concepts that come with it. Accurately predicting enemy movements or strategies from the level of personal combat to highly complex campaigns or the political theatre will be easy once you have some contact with your opponent or are familiar with them. Such is a mind required of a being created to fight reality itself. 
Have a Divine Core where your heart would be, a very powerful artifact of magically forged crystal and Orichalcum thrumming with divine energy it supplies all power to your godly abilities. Your Divine Core holds your soul and consciousness and is completely invulnerable to damage no matter how powerful or strange the foe, such is the power of the magic weaved into it. Even reduced to it you will
Divine power is that of the gods, pure and full of power. Mortals, many monsters and demonic foes are poisoned by too much raw divine energy without being accustomed to it. Gives immortality, superhuman attributes, and immunity to most effects like poison, disease, curses. 
Divine energy can be used in a variety of ways such as performing miracles, slaying entities through smiting them. You can hear the prayers of anyone towards you or just in general if not specific. Prayer gives more energy then can be generated but is not needed to live. It can also enhance abilities such as boosting physical characteristics or empowering a lightning bolt. You can only begin using Divine power upon activating your Dreamer state. 
Soul is refined and reforged to become completely indestructible and immune to any influence one could throw at it. The temptations of the most vile beings and the evils of man are but a ticklish wind onto your shining existence.
Immune to and exist outside of Fate, destiny, and prophesy. They will actively unravel around you as desired, and do not even register to someone with foresight or clairvoyance. This includes similar abilities.
Nothing of yours can be reduced, stolen, sealed, or altered in any shape or form except when you desire. Once you are in this body not even the mightiest of beings could hope to dislodge you or warp you, not even the random and often cruel omnipotent kind.
You may decide to have a different aesthetic for the Golden Wrought God in lieu of all the light and golden splendor. Be the Abyss Wrought God forged of Soulsteel, the Necron Wrought God forged of Necrodermis, and so on. Mind you changing themes also changes the nature of your powers to a degree but only through the principles of how they work is changed, everything works the same otherwise. A Necron Wrought God would really only be a clarktech C’tan bound to a progressively powerful Necrodermis shell for example.
The Golden Wrought God has several stages of activation that determine how much of its power can be accessed. Sleeper is the passive form that is always active for the Golden Wrought God. Divine power cannot be accessed while the Sleeper form is active and most functions are also dormant. You gain access to higher levels of Divine Power as you familiarize yourself with your body and settle into it unlocking greater levels with enough time and or experience. 
Sleeper:You can defeat powerful demigods using just your base attributes and the passive levels of energy and abilities provided by your new body.
Enhanced ability to learn and master skills and abilities. Skills can be learned and mastered in days, no teacher is required, and everything that develops will unconsciously be self-correcting to perfection and beyond. Pick up a sword and be fighting with masters in no time, actually fight a master? You can easily absorb their techniques and absorb it into your own.
Enhanced ability to teach and pass on any skills you might possess to those able to learn them.
You can manifest a set white and gold outfit that emphasizes your form. It is self repairing and forms the basic undersuit for higher forms of activation. you can manifest a single weapon that is on par with a strong divine weapon, its form is up to you. 
Dreamer: You can defeat most normal gods by engaging the first level of your divine power. This level can be accessed within years if you are doing nothing. 
Dormant systems come online and let you use divine energy to make non magical objects and materials of good quality. The creation of life or magical items or materials without miracles is beyond you yet. You are able to manifest a golden suit of armor that can absorb attacks and protect you from anything short of a divine weapon. Your divine weapon can now absorb properties of other weapons and items or simply use them as fuel to strengthen its base abilities.
You can actively make use of your divine energy. Basic uses include channeling it into attacks or crude barriers for defense. You can use your divine energy to turn any action you take and turn it from a failure to a success, a success to a feat of legend, and a feat of legend to simply violating reality and doing the absurd like strangling a cloud to death or singing so well it causes mountains to weep. The energy cost scales with the feat in question.  
You can now cast miracles to enact your godly whims though not on a global scale yet. Making it rain or curing cancer for a person is as simple as some energy and the will. 
You can create lesser Avatars of yourself that you can control directly or set off to act autonomously as you would. They have an unbreakable connection with you and can network between you and each other. These avatars are always able to only reach a level of Divine Power below yours and cannot create their own avatars. 
Able to enforce your will on objects, places, and individuals by overwhelming them with your energy. Those that submit or overpowered are then bound to you for eternity unless released.
These Bound cannot resist commands or compulsions set down by you even if they otherwise would rage against the control for eternity.
This ownership carries the conceptual weight of your authority and power thus protected from any foreign influence that could possible challenge this ownership. 
Bound individuals can be ‘blessed’ with the ability to create miracles on a smaller scale with borrowed divine power. 
Powerful entities such as gods, divine beasts, and others when overpowered can be added to or create a pantheon as a subordinate god.
You can now shapeshift into more absurd forms like animals or other races. Returning to your original form when you so desire.
Awakened: You can defeat skyfathers and groups of regular gods at the second level of divine power. This level cam be accessed in centuries if you are doing nothing.
Your body unlocks your Battle Regalia, hulking fully enclosed power armor made of orichalcum that amplifies your attributes, powers, and energy by several times. Comes with combat capable multifunctional tentacles. Your divine weapon gains the ability to leave wounds nearly impossible to heal and can kill things permanently or prevent them from manifesting. You can now mass summon copies of your divine weapon and control them as if you were wielding them personally.  
Innate conceptual mastery of creating life or modified from nothing or transmuted from existing materials/bodies. By using more energy the likes of divine beasts or beings can be created. Anything created can be given a soul or left a hollow but functional construct. This includes beings like angels, divine beasts, and other supernatural entities. The most basic of your creations come out as living clay constructs with some sentience and ability to follow basic commands.
Innate conceptual mastery of forging items whether they be constructs or weapons. The stronger or more complex the object the longer it will take to craft. You can determine what was used and what will be required to produce, repair, or create an object instantly. 
Your capacity for miracles grows to the level where effecting a solar system at once is a valid strategy. You can do greater still with more energy scaling at higher and higher costs as the range and power of the miracle increases.
You know how to create or convert others into pale reflections of yourself: Golden Demigods. They all have the benefits of your base attributes and sleeper state but gain weakened forms of all of your Divine Power levels through Dreamer. They cannot turn against you are bound to you automatically via your divine power. Golden Demigods of a converted origin will have their body reformed to be more idealized in your eyes removing any scars, previous injuries, or defects. Similarly they gain a set of magical tattoos that appear on their body representing their newfound bond to you. You may have other aesthetic changes such as their eyes turning gold or a change in skin tone. 
Ascended: You can defeat primordial gods or cosmic entities at the third level of divine power. This can be accessed in thousands of years if you do nothing. 
Your battle regalia connects to a dormant outer shell summoning a massive mecha around you to pilot with a visage similar to yourself though its form is up to you for the most part. This mecha enhances your already enhanced powers many times. Your mecha can extend tentacles that will bore into the metaphysical framework of that universe or multiverse if you have access to its center and usurp control over it from its original master. Once connected you gain access to that universes or multiverses Akashic Record which is the information for every single bit of that particular verse. The more powerful the setting or the more resistance there is the longer it will take to bore into the framework of the verse you are looking to usurp. This is also theoretically possible with Omniverses but not recommended due to the sheer effort and dangers in doing so. Once connected you can use this connection and your Divine Energy to weave changes on a mass scale rewriting the universe or multiverse and molding it to your whims. Even when not connected you can subvert control over reality in localized areas and still effect worlds and larger still assuming no one or thing tries to stop you. This is only limited to as much Divine Energy as your core produces. The divine weapons you can produce are world shattering or greater with more time and energy spent. Mass producing galaxy destroying throw away weapons is trivial at this level.
Your ability to cast miracles is easily able to range multiple galaxies and beyond and powerful miracles are much easier and efficient to cast. 
You are now able to make Golden Gods. Like Golden Demigods Golden Gods can be made from existing individuals or a Golden Demigod outright.Golden Gods require you to construct a God Egg which when the golden sphere is completed will begin work on making a Golden God. A God Egg is one use as it is cannibalized by the Golden God upon its completion. Golden Gods have all of your powers up to the Awakened phase and are bound similarly as the Demigods are. You can give a Golden God access to the Ascended state with a ritual of activation that requires a large amount of additional divine energy. It is possible to network yourself with Golden Gods who have taken control over different Akashic Records to achieve larger effects when working in conjunction.

Essence of the Fallen Angel
Gain the form of a Fallen Angel, cast down from heaven. You stand between the celestial light of Heaven and the darkness of Hell. Given your strange nature you may redesign your body to look however you wish whether it be a beautiful human or flaming wheel covered with eyes. You stand equal with the greatest of angels in power, beauty, intelligence, wisdom, among other attributes and retain this might even with your fall. The pagan gods of the world would hesitate to even raise your ire let alone fight you.
Knowledge of creation is yours for you witnessed its forging, the secrets, the fundamental concepts, and its nature are all laid bare to you. Whether it is used to rebuild it in your own image, empower mortal thralls with supernatural abilities or just destroy it remains yours. This is without going into your thousands of years worth of experience fighting, ruling, scheming, and practically every other skill one could think of would be expected of by an angel of the highest station or a major figure of rebellion. Your charisma and ability to manipulate are also rather astounding, it is very difficult for even saints to resist you in person.
You know the sins and while not their embodiment can still give it a good go. Whether it be channeling wrath to overpower a superior foe or using lust to boost your already magnificent appearance to blinding levels of beauty you can do it.
Despite giving a really good fight to heaven you still lost, and were tossed into the deepest darkest dimensional pit they could find to languish there forever. Luckily you are free thanks to the essence and are not in any danger of being trapped forever anymore. Not that it would work again because any prison or seal on you will slowly and steadily erode and break down to ruin. Even then if they managed to kill or heavens forbid erase you all together you would be back eventually, all nice and healthy like nothing happened. 
Many angels fell alongside you and were bound to the same prison you were including your incredibly powerful and faithful lieutenants. Due to your circumstances they came along for the ride prison and all. You can summon entrances to this prison with but a thought. They remain unaware, sleeping after such a long imprisonment but can be awakened and summoned to your side with but a command. For all their issues they remain your loyal host, almost worryingly loyal if the looks some of them give you are anything to go by. If you stuff an uncorrupted angel or heavenly servant into the prison the spirits of the fallen will descend upon them and ‘free’ them of their duties to heaven converting them to your side as another fallen. Any fallen killed will resurrect inside the prison fully restored to their pristine state as a fallen. 

Essence of the Underworld
You become master of the Underworld, the keeper of all that is imprisoned and bound to that wretched place. While in the Underworld you are immortal and invincible to anything can freely teleport anywhere within the Underworld. If you are somehow killed you will resurrect in your palace after a day has passed. 
Have a palace at the center of the Underworld filled with all the luxuries you could ever ask for. Inside of it there is a throne room and while sitting upon this throne you have an omnipresent view of the Underworld and can see through or control any being trapped in the Underworld. 
You can detect, manipulate, or conjure any element found in the earth from the earth in massive amounts particularly metals. Additionally you are strong and durable enough to survive brawling with the likes of Hekatonkheires and drag them to the underworld.
Can open doors to the Underworld anywhere you care to, whether it be to conjure massive doors or crack the earth in two to open the pits up. Permanent gates can be established if you want others to be able to come and go, you can lock down these gates at will.
Have the ability to summon infinite amounts of indestructible profane chains in a variety of ways. These chains can be used to restrain the gods and pin them down, they suppress any powers or abilities and will drain them if left attached for too long. The chains can be used to drag any targets into the Underworld and trap them there for eternity, similarly they can be used to target souls. Powers will return if the chains are removed long enough though anything summoned will have all of their power until they are returned to confinement. You can manifest other objects on the ends of any chain like daggers, claws, or beartraps.
The inhabitants of the Underworld are bound to your commands and cannot rebel or twist the spirit of any order given. Any soul that is not automatically taken to a specific afterlife or destroyed outright will wind up down in the Underworld. Copies of objects, vehicles, ships, or even cities can end up sinking into the Underworld if there is enough death involved in their destruction or loss. You may have your Underworld filled with anything that meets these prerequisites up to the point when you first arrive in a setting or take one loaded down with the legends and history from your world. Either way it is a lot of souls and treasure.
You can summon anything that has been subjugated to the Underworld by opening a door to the Underworld and calling them forth. If killed the damned being will be pulled back into the Underworld and be resurrected right back into wherever where they were interned. No matter the method used the profane chains will never fail to drag them back to the Underworld even if they manage to get to another realm. 

Essence of the Supernatural Organization 
You gain ownership of your very own supernatural organization that is dedicated to whatever goal you may have in mind whether it is the protection of humanity, keeping the supernatural a secret or simply being your own band of fanatical minions. 
This organization starts out with a single headquarters with no other holdings beyond it. The headquarters is a sprawling complex fitted with advanced manufacturing facilities, cutting edge labs, medical facilities, well stocked armories and supply storage, and other vital sections you would expect. This headquarters can take the general form of what you prefer whether it be out in the open, a hidden bunker complex, or a well disguised front. The headquarters is protected from effects that might destroy or effect it such as reality warping, magic, psionics, and any other exotic thing you can think of. It is similarly hardened against conventional attack or indirect such as cyberwarfare. 
The organization can supply all the manpower required for itself by default all personnel being highly skilled clones that are educated to the top of their fields within the range of what is humanly possible. Any killed including you can be recovered as they can be re-cloned with the memories, soul, and other essential bits they had up until death with any damage no matter how exotic repaired. So fret not, anyone re-cloned unless you create a new clone will indeed be the same entity that bit the dust. All personnel will be loyal to you even more so depending on the nature of the organization. You can even have the whole organization be semi autonomous drones with you controlling them like an Overmind if you are really paranoid. The machinery used can also give pre-programed skill packages just in case you wanted to learn how to do mongolian throat singing. The only restriction is that the skills are things humans are capable of, as you add more races or capabilities to your organization this can be rectified. 
Your organization has already developed or acquired several key capabilities. 
The first is your organization has a way to accurately plot and teleport or open portals to different locations and entirely different dimensions or universes. It can bypass any defenses or protections that would otherwise stop this travel unless it is overwhelmingly powerful. The organization can build stable portals for easy and continued access to these locations. 
The second is that your organizations scientists can develop and rapidly reverse engineer technology, supernatural abilities, items, magic, psionics, and races if they have access to samples. The larger the sample the easier it is to replicate but the more powerful it is the longer it will take. These breakthroughs can be used to upgrade your personnel or develop new technology based on these powers and races, even creating your own superbeings. With enough effort you might even be able to rid any major vulnerabilities from whatever you managed to get a hold of. It has already developed top of the line technology decades ahead of your world such as honest to god fully enclosed power armor, man portable fusion reactors, reliable and mass produced cybernetic augments, gauss and railgun technology and autonomous drones among other things.
The third is that your organization has developed shielding that can block the strongest of supernatural powers. Devices that project fields that cancel reality warping or chaotic magic and restraints that can reduce beings of middling power to being just as helpless as an average human. Study can improve the effectiveness of these restraints. The organization can further safely store otherwise volatile or supremely corruptive individuals or items without issue once.
The fourth is your organization and you by extension are filthy stinking rich. You always seem to have more then enough money and it practically falls into your lap. The economy never seems to go wrong whenever your organization interacts with it, any outside interference is not covered. Your organization can change its currency as required converting in part or whole its money for whatever locality it is considered legitimate.
Optionally you can send you and your organization to a different world then your own, retroactively if you prefer.


Essence of the Biotech Space Dragon 
Gain the body of a Biotech Space Dragon, immense godlike creations that can traverse the heavens.
Space Dragons are anywhere from the size of a skyscraper to dwarfing the largest of mountains stretching upwards of tens of kilometers in length. Space Dragons have a wide range of looks and can resemble anything from a classic eastern or western dragon to an elongated tentacle mass. Despite this size Space Dragons have no difficulty getting around and can land on planets no issue. They have absolute control over their bodies with every cell present actually being a fusion of biology and nanotechnology. 
Shapeshifting is a simple thing as Space Dragons can arrange their bodies on demand such as disguising themselves as an asteroid or growing great blades to slash enemies with. The biotech nature of their existence allows them to absorb DNA and new technology that allows them to understand and integrate it into themselves or any drones. Any beings they absorb they can take the memories, skills, and experiences of and recreate them as a drone.
 Their body is durable enough to shrug off attacks that would destroy planets with only a moderate amount of damage and have the strength tear planets to bits and turn mighty battleships to space fragmentation hazards. Additionally they are capable of FTL and can teleport shorter distances or tear open portals to distant stars, galaxies, or realities. 
Space Dragons can regenerate from nearly nothing as long as a few nanotech cells survive, taking weeks to recover if the damage is bad enough. They are shielded from temporal or exotic effects thanks to powerful shielding and systems designed to thwart the likes of reality bending entities.
Space Dragons are immense computers and have the processing power and intelligence to dwarf about any other entity. They cannot be hacked or infected by others and their nature makes corruption impossible against them or anything they have their nanotech cells implanted or integrated into. Space Dragons can normally brute force and overwhelm all but the strongest of AI.
Space Dragons have control over the fundamental forces of the universe able to manipulate things such as gravity and electromagnetism with near impunity. They have infinite energy generation at their disposal that is internally produced but not infinite in output. Utilizing their built in systems they can convert energy to matter in finished forms like a replicator. These replicator functions can be used to mass print smaller forms of drones that can take care of tasks the Dragon could not otherwise thanks to its size and bulk. The Dragon can take over a drone at any time and use it as an avatar or control all of their drones.
Space Dragons can reproduce asexually or sexually by gestating an egg in something to develop into a new Space Dragon. This new Space Dragon can be a simple extension of the parent and function as parts of a hivemind or be a completely new entity. Newborn Space Dragons are microscopic compared to a full adult Space Dragon beginning at the size of a human child. During this time the Space Dragon can rapidly consume matter to grow larger and larger until it reaches the size of an adult, a process which can take years. 

Essence of the Sovereign 
Become a Sovereign, a monarch born from the remains of a long dead kingdom or empire. You may pick a single kingdom or empire from your reality or elsewhere to take on the legacy of you may fabricate one but it then becomes fact in whatever place it supposedly resides or resided. This includes its history, culture, technology, and other essential elements that make it up. 
If you are killed you will be revive within your kingdom the next day even if it has been reduced to ruin. Should you not have a kingdom you will simply reconstitute at a nearby safe place.
You are the peak example of your species able to stand shoulder to shoulder with the greatest heroes your people have ever produced. Everything that makes a legendary ruler are qualities you possess inheriting or being imbued with the knowledge, supernatural powers(if applicable), attributes, and skills to match these famous individuals. 
As a Sovereign you know no fear or weakness of will, your determination is that which will break the earth and heavens to accomplish you goals if need be. 
You have a unique supernatural energy that fuels your abilities. It can form to fully formed adults of your kind from it that are skilled in a particular area like farming, carpentry, or soldiering. These individuals are living breathing examples of their kind but their loyalty is to you and any descendants they might have later down the line. This loyalty manifests as an inborn unbreakable rabid fanaticism that cannot be extinguished when it comes to your will. Of course you can always let this slack and let them do as they will. 
This energy can further shape the environment, spontaneously generate domesticated animals or monsters that existed with your people, creating buildings, warping the land into a more desired shape and collecting resources. You can use this energy to actively manage all of your subjects, resources, structures, and can view areas you control as an ‘eye in the sky’ able to project your vision and move around like you were in a strategy game as well as look at information or statistics related to it. 
Any resources your civilization needs to function like a particular metal or mineral can be found in any worlds you travel to. Alternatively you can create the required resources via specific structures that can take other material and refine it into said resources. 
By conquering other civilizations or taking in the remnants of fallen or lost ones you gain access to their own aspects of culture, technology, history, etc and can use them as you would your original. This includes the ability to create the peoples of that civilization. 




Essence of the Human Science God 
You are not an actual god, but you are the peak of humanity in how comic book captain america is a peak human. Your intelligence and understanding dwarfs any of your physical attributes however. You are the super genius, the one who builds an advanced suit of power armor in a cave with scraps, the one they call to fix a hole knocked in space time by an experiment gone wrong. You are probably the smartest person in the room in almost any given situation. 
You are the equal and likely superior to just about any super genius you could care to name with a few exceptions in knowledge and skill. The technology you can make is beyond the wildest dreams of what any normal scientist could even comprehend. Advanced A.I., earth shattering power armor, reactors that generate cosmic energies, power nullifiers and more. You do however not have a limitless font of wisdom to make sure that knowledge gets put to good use. Your ability to make the ‘right’ choices in a given situation remains as it was before your apotheosis. You can further reverse engineer magic, psionics, and other things as a technological equivalent.
Optionally you could get this and also be as equally as capable a magic or psionic user making all of your tech magitech or even psitech, hell have psimagitech. 
Perfect memory with infinite storage
None of your technology can be successfully corrupted or subverted by another force unless you build or modify it to possess such a weakness.
You are skilled in combat and can defeat anyone less then a supernatural master of combat or someone so strong you just cant hurt them.  
Gain ownership of an Earth sized megastructure that serves as your home. It is hidden away in a pocket dimension and safe from most tampering or attacks. It is defended by billions upon billions of absolutely loyal robots. The strongest of these robots are capable of fighting and utterly dismantling individuals with city destroying capability. The megastructure and you are linked with an unbreakable connection and can command it anywhere, at any time, the megastructure is incapable of turning against you. 
The megastructure can create and manipulate matter and energy giving you functionally infinite resources as you require. It has factories and matter forges that can create as much equipment and other tech then you could ever ask for.
It has its own habitats for other life if you want to do any collecting. 
The megastructure can theoretically hold billions of people to live and work without issue. It is currently uninhabited except by you and your robots.
The megastructure has a gargantuan palace for yourself and anyone you take in, it is beyond luxurious.
It can resurrect any individual if it can scan something of them, i.e. their soul or some physical component. It will automatically resurrect you if you are somehow killed without fail.
It posesses weapons that can shatter fleets of alien starships or make Galactus fuckoff if he is getting hungry. It is tough enough to survive the omniverse imploding with a lot of dents and systems fried afterwards. Don't worry it can self repair, just very slowly if the damage is bad enough. 
If you really need to it can move around and act as a FTL capable battle station of doom if you want to go full galactic warlord. The Megastructure can freely open portals or teleport to different locations, universes, dimensions, multiverses, and Omniverses if you aren’t wanting to deal with the local Omniverse creator.
It has a one of a kind forge called the Relic Forge onboard which can let you manufacture extremely potent pieces of technology to put fear into cosmic entities. For when you want to arm your Gods with a Mjolnir or Infinity Gauntlet, just in case. 
The God part comes in that the megastructure has an additional function. Using its systems it can create transcendent beings that stand head and shoulders over the normal super robots or AI you can make. The God Anvil can let you build or turn others into your own personalized super beings. Making these Gods is not for the faint of heart, each one represents a ripple of power that could destabilize entire settings, they are walking apocalypses. That said they are programed to view you as their beloved creator with an unbreakable loyalty to weather anything and smother you to death in love, whether that be familial, friends forever, or some other type is up to you. Gods are psychologically incapable of even think of betraying you and automatically disregard anything that would even suggest they do so unless you order them. Even then it would make them uncomfortable to say the least. You may even turn yourself into a God and the megastructure will handle the process for you. A Gods vital essence (soul) is stored in the megastructure so even if they are killed you can simply recall their vital essence of being and slap it in a new vessel. Gods properly designed can threaten or even thrash cosmic beings. 
Gods not in use can be put in storage pods where they will hibernate unaware until called back into service. Individuals converted into Gods, new Gods, or resurrected Gods  are automatically placed in storage once completed or restored. You can set or modify the traits, attributes, powers, personality and every other facet of your Gods when they are in storage.

Essence of the DM/GM
You become an actual game master or dungeon master, as in you can arrange for actual campaigns and adventures. You can abstract the abilities and stats of anyone or anything through pen and paper rpg like stats if you wish. Pick any system, make up your own, it doesn't stop you from not using any system but it is a convenient representation regardless. This may or may not fiddle with metaphysics depending on what you pick. Yes you can combine systems. 
You have a game room from which you can enact this ability and can influence whatever world you are in by altering characters, the world, creating adventure hooks, adding or modifying history of a world, or dropping a huge fucking demon in the capital of a holy nation for shits and giggles. You are a GM and have that sort of ability. You can even create your own character sheets and assume the form of that character. The characters backstory, memories, thoughts, feelings, and any other complexity you both adding to them will effect you while in that form. Or you can simply make them and slip into their skin whenever it strikes your fancy. 
 You can bring in others to add to your ‘group’ giving them the ability to come up with their own characters and set up adventures if you are feeling like hanging out. 
No one can die, be injured, be sealed, or harmed in manner while in the room. If you are killed outside the room you will simply respawn in that room a few moments later. The room can ‘change’ the campaign giving you access to new worlds. Campaigns will remain paused as long as you want if you get bored with them and want to come back later or simply be reset to an earlier point. That said none of your GM powers function outside of the game room though you can still take control of your character.
You can create portals to and from your game room. Only those you wish can come into the game room and can be booted out with but a thought. 
You can view the current world and see anywhere within it from the game room. 


Essence of the Eastern Legend 
You gain a supernaturally healthy body, one at the peak of your species, disease and other illnesses are no threat to you. You can further pick to be any species of Japanese myth or descended from a particular line.
Have access to a special reserve of energy whether that be Chakra, Youki, Ki or a generic form of Spiritual Energy. This energy can be used for a variety of things but can at its most basic level enhance your body and let you perform supernatural actions like running across water or clinging to trees upside down with only your feet. You may design a system to work with your chosen supernatural energy or simply copy another. 
Optionally gain a bloodline unique to your line, feel free to customize it to be as benign or absurd as you wish or flat out copy another bloodline from an existing setting. 
You have limitless willpower and can keep going against all even if your body is falling apart at the seams.
Optionally gain your own sprawling compound warded against beings like Youkai or other beings. It has a few shrines and other interesting features to uncover. There are workshops, training areas, hotspring, and other useful structures. It also has a library of all the techniques of your specific system up to including unique forbidden techniques. If you wish you can have youkai servants inhabit the compound, mind the maneaters. 
You can be inserted into a given setting focused on a supernatural Japan or Japanese aesthetic including any urban fantasy settings that might qualify. 



Setting essences

Essence of the Shinobi
You are imbued with the powers of the shinobi from Naruto
Gain the opportunity to rebuild your body the way you want, regardless you will have stats that are peak human no matter what build you choose.
Given the skills and knowledge of a veteran Shinobi and could stand on equal level with a Jounin the likes of Kakashi at the beginning of the series 
You will find yourself being a prodigy at any shinobi related skill.
Gain a library with all the techniques ever created in the Elemental Nations.
You may choose one or more bloodlines even create your own to receive as well as the knowledge and skill to use them. Any drawbacks from techniques such as blindness or permanent loss are instead just long lasting for you. If a technique requires you to sacrifice an eye that eye will regain functionality about a month later.

Essence of the Heroic Spirit
You have a multiversal throne of heroes and may call forth the power of heroic spirits to reside within yourself. This encompases all legendary beings, those present in myth or composed of myth, and any entity that has as qualified as a servant. By default you can only call upon those present in the Nasuverse. Traveling to new universes will add those legends to your multiversal throne of heroes.
There is no limit to how many spirits you can hold at one time, but channeling multiple is difficult the more you stack on at once.
You may choose to have the heroic spirits mind remain asleep or nonexistent leaving just their powers, skills, memories, knowledge, and abilities.
It is possible to fuse a heroic spirit with another target to create a demi servant. Whether you use that to simply give the spirit an actual body to possess or give their powers to an individual remains up to you. Alternatively you can just manifest the heroic spirit in the flesh and restoring them to life. Despite not requiring a master any Heroic Spirits you restore will give you the same respect as they would their master if any.
Heroic spirits are not restricted to class containers such as the classic seven of the Holy Grail War. They are able to make use of the abilities and items they had while living as well as additions to their legend after their death such as Vlad III and his vampiric abilities. If they were weaker in life then the bonuses given by a class they are at minimum as able as the baseline of that class. 

Essence of the Exalted
This essence contains that of an exaltation. You may choose any available type such as Dragonblooded, Solar, Lunar, Alchemical, etc. By default your strength is that of a newly exalted individual of whatever exaltation you chose. You may use the first age variants of Sidereal and Lunar Exaltations the former which lacks the Arcane Fate and the Latter not suffering from the effects of centuries of Wyld exposure.
Your exaltation is fused to you permanently and cannot leave upon death.
Those who choose Dragonblooded can breed more dragonblooded into existence which will exalt sometime in their youth. Your lines breeding will remain pure for all time, even after many generations of interbreeding with mortals.
Sidereals are not restricted in the creation of new charms.
Any negative side effect of a particular exaltation such as the great curse, torment, resonance, or clarity may be nullified at will.
Solaroid or lunar exaltations may meet their bond mate for free, at the very least they won’t attack you outright…
Any past lives that an exaltation might have had may be remembered should you wish.
You are capable of finding materials like Orichalcum or stranger things required to construct artifacts even if you aren’t in creation. Should you wish things like lesser gods, leylines, demenses, elementals, the Wyld, other Exalts and other elements of Exalted can be found in any world you travel to.
Alchemicals can forge charms from essence as they lack the normal requisite infrastructure and may banish or call upon different charms to and from elsewhere that will take the normal amount of time to install as if they were being worked on.

Essence of the Godbound
You receive the spark of a Godbound, shreds of divine power that emerged well after the collapse of the old Empires and their assault on Heaven.
What Words and Gifts you choose are up to you as per what you could get if it was character creation.
Any materials required for use in objects and artifacts like celestial shards you may generate by expending Effort.
With enough work you could recreate the process to make more Godbound.
You are able to find sealed Night Roads and explore fragments of heaven and travel to other planes.

Essence of the Dragonborn
You become the Last Dragonborn with all the weight and power that entails. 
You begin having fully mastered the Thu’um and all known dragon shouts displayed and fully able to be used by yourself. Killing dragons and eating their souls can let you create a new shout based on that dragon if it is strong enough or unique enough. Otherwise you can use dragon souls to improve any new shouts you develop through training.  
You have the will of a warrior and could face down an entire bandit lair using sub-par equipment without letting fear or pain affect you. You are still able to tell when something is dangerous though.
You learn incredibly quickly and can pick up disciplines at a lightning pace to equal masters of an art in months if not weeks. Once you hit mastery this growth seems to plateau out. 
You are what could be considered an ‘end game’ Dragonborn and inherit a massive amount of experience in a variety of disciplines. Perhaps you are a shout wielding battlemage or sneaky sort who lead the Thieves Guild or Dark Brotherhood. This can either translate just in pure skills and knowledge or can give you the memories of your Dragonborn fully taking possession of their existence. Alternatively you could simply let yourself start fresh and work for all that on your own. 
You have a house of your own design that is fully outfitted and loaded down with treasures from past adventures if you take on the form of your Dragonborn. Crafting materials, plants, and other consumables seem to refill after sometime left alone. You could even have a proper palace as long as it could be built in Tamriel. Hell you might even need a palace for all the loot you might have.
Gain your pick of any non-unique equipment set you could get your hands on in Skyrim enchanted or not. 
Gain an amulet of Mara that if worn openly will let you marry anyone available and be considered legitimate for whatever legal or metaphysical systems you encounter. Optionally the amulet is modified to let you wed multiple partners with the same benefits. Anyone who sees the amulet will innately know what it means.   
Optionally gain your own loyal band of Dragonguard and a temple to serve as their base of operations. They are yet small in number but you may decide their composition, general character, and other things. They are all loyal and will follow you to the bitter end. You seem to get a small trickly of new promising recruits either made up of either the people of Tamriel or the locals wherever you are. 
Optionally you may be transported to Skyrim and-
“Hey you, you are finally awake, you were trying to cross the border right?”


Essence of the Strategy Game
Choose a faction either from real life at any point in history, fiction, or if you are up to it a faction of your own design. You may even be as specific as a sub faction such as the United States Army or a Warhammer 40000 Spaces Marine Chapter.
Upon choosing you are given the ability to call that faction forth to do your bidding in the style of a strategy game. The exact type of strategy game is also up to you whether you desire forces able to fight on a city level, country level, and even intergalactic should you build up your industry enough. This choice determines the breadth and depth of your pool of units to draw from.
Whether the ‘gameplay mechanics’ function as they would in an actual game or behaves in a more realistic way is up to you.
At minimum you will have the necessary basic skills, knowledge, and abilities required to lead your chosen faction.

Essence of Die Ewigkeit
A relic of your choice is bound to you. It could be the Spear of Destiny, a famous object or something more mundane. With this relic you are able to grow stronger by killing beings and consuming their souls for strength or just grab free floating ones if they are available. The more souls you have the stronger you get.
You are able to advance through all stages starting with Assiah where you begin all the way to Atziluth the greatest expression of this power.
The various abilities that come with your advancement through the stages are up to you as long as it fits within the confines of how each power at a stage manifests.
Any souls you consume wont be used up as fuel like normal instead being temporarily unavailable while the soul regenerates.
You know the basics of creating relics to give to other people.

Essence of the Monster Master
You have the ability to summon and control monsters you encounter. These monster will be loyal to you unto death and beyond. Consequently monster girls fall under this as well.
Non summoned monsters and animals in general will leave you alone or even help you if they like you enough.
It is possible to domesticate monsters that would normally be impossible to control.
You can create chimera and hybrids from the monsters you are able to summon.
If you wish you can transform in part or wholly into a monster you have encountered and back again.

Essence of the Titan Shifter
You have the Power of the Titans from Attack on Titan. You may manifest your own titan form at will all the way up to the size of a Colossus Titan at first that being 60 meters tall. You may summon this form without self-injury and have a strong regenerative factor regardless.
Like the Founding Titan you have the ability to create and control other titans. You can create pure titans through sheer force of will without using live humans. These titans are animalistic and may or may not try to eat humans they find. Humans you do turn to titans you have the option to make them fellow titan shifters like yourself, these can possess a special ability or be along the lines of a normal titan in capability if you prefer.
You do not have the special abilities of the other Titans like the armored Titan, Colossus Titan, etc. What you do have is the capability to control and develop the creation of abilities of titans like these Titans and ones never seen before. You are also able to control the exact forms Titans take and even improve on their base attributes with time, effort, and experience.
The drawbacks of being a titan shifter such as reduced lifespan and chance of absorption are not present for you and may be removed from other titan shifters you create.

Essence of the Dragon Lord
Gain the blood of the Dragon Lords of old from the Valyrian Freehold. You may optionally change to look Valyrian yourself.
You have extensive knowledge on valyrian lore, history, magic, and the creation of items such as Dragon Horns or Valyrian Steel.
are an master at valyrian magic itself, whether it be blood magic, commanding flame itself, and other disciplines. you can teach others if desired.
You may choose to receive a Valyrian Steel Weapon, Valyrian Steel armor, a dragon horn (that won’t kill you when blown), a spare clutch of dragon eggs and other items suitable to your station.
A capable slaver and slave master, you can break-in practically anyone you capture into being obedient and loyal servants a lot quicker then though possible.
riding mounts is second nature to you but it especially shines when you ride dragons.
You have a dragon that may either start out as a hatchling or rival Balerion the Black Dread itself in both size and power. This dragon is bonded to you, extremely loyal, and will not die of old age. It is fertile enough that it can produce plenty of eggs for any future riders.

Essence of the Planeswalker
You have a planeswalker spark ignited by drinking this essence. This spark is like those before the mending and independent of said event.
Immortal and nearly invincible as long as your mind is intact and functional.
capable of shapeshifting
Possess incredible amounts of magical power, can use all colors of magic and possess an affinity for one or several colors in particular.
Are capable of travelling to all planes in the multiverse and bring individuals with you safely.
Can create objects, creatures, people, and even entire planes though your magical power. You are able to create copies of any objects, creatures, or people you encounter who are completely loyal and summon them to your side.
Able to bond with and tap into the mana of any place you come across whether it be a swamp, ocean, forest, and use it to fuel your abilities anywhere.

Essence of the Campione
You’ve become a Campione, a mortal who has done the impossible and slayed a god in combat.
Your body is now that of a Campione, all complications and previous injuries sustained have been healed. You are in your physical prime and will live at minimum for centuries. You heal at an incredible rate and can learn any language fairly quickly just by being around its speakers.
Any magic less then that of a gods or other divinity is utterly useless against you unless it manages to get inside of your body. Even then magical effects will quickly find themselves being unraveled.
The amount of magical energy you possess outstrips any mortal mage by several magnitudes.
For slaying a god you have usurped one of their authorities, an expression of their divine power. An Authority is based on a given gods mythology such as the Thunderbolts wielded by Zeus or the nearly invulnerable skin of Siegfried.
You are able to gain more authorities the more gods you successfully slay, even ones not native to the Campione setting.
You may choose to allow Heretic Gods to exist and descend from myth in other settings if you visit them. These gods may be separate existences from their counterparts being forged from their myth instead of outright copies of the original god allowing for divergences in powers. Heretic Gods that form through this way will still have power in the realm of any gods in that setting. Settings without actual gods will default to Campione! level Heretic Gods.

Essence of the Pathfinder
You gain access to the setting of pathfinder and may choose to become any one race or monster in the setting with templates optional. In addition you may decide to be dropped into pathfinder with a preexisting history or just drop in setting in whatever location and year you prefer which defaults to Sandpoint, 4707.
You may choose to become any class you qualify for or design your own custom classes however balanced or blatantly unbalanced they may be. In either case you decide what level to start at from 1 all the way to 20 and optionally to become mythic with all that it entails.
Can begin with a selection of high quality items both mundane and magical and even a few artifacts. Any drawbacks of the items such as alignment restriction or loss upon use is void. Either way you will have at minimum a modest dwelling wherever you start.
Any classes that have specific requirements like clerics or paladins will not lose their powers if they fall out of favor with their patron deity.

Essence of Breidablik
You gain an artifact similar to Breidablik a handgun like device which can be used to summon heroes from the Fire Emblem multiverse. You also get enough orbs a day to do at least one summoning. Unlike the original Breidablik this one can summon groups of generic soldiers, mages, manaketes, and other rank and file you could find in Fire Emblem. Additionally you can be specific when summoning by focusing on the particular individual you want even if they were not originally summonable as long as they are of the Fire Emblem setting.
Gain a massive castle that has enough space for all of the heroes you may summon though it is a bit run down. The castle can sit in the Outrealms or be dropped onto the physical plane wherever you require it by summoning it with the Breidablik. It takes at least a day to relocate or store it away after it is used.
Can find gates that let you travel to different worlds in the Fire Emblem multiverse and have explicit control over whether they remain active or shut down from either side.
Optionally can be transported to the start of any one Fire Emblem game in a position to insert yourself within the ranks of the protagonists without too many questions.
Complimentary hooded robes in a color of your choice, defaults to white and gold.

Essence of DxD
You may select a race from Highschool DxD and become a member of it, or even be a hybrid such as a fallen angel/devil or dragon/devil. Whatever race you choose you may now turn others into more of your own kind with a process similar to the devil Evil Piece system. If you are a hybrid you can use either or both races.
Optionally may choose to be descended from a particular lineage in a race gaining any bloodline they possess, extinct bloodlines are valid choices, you mat create your own if necessary.
Can select one Sacred Gear to receive or design your own, it can be anything from the humble Twice Critical to the Longinus Sacred Gears themselves. This sacred gear can be the original or a copy but it is impossible to forcibly remove from yourself. 
Optionally take one holy or demonic sword such as Durandal, Ascalon, Gram, or a fully intact Excalibur. This may be the original or a copy but it will find its way to you again if lost or destroyed. 
By acting on your most burning desires you can grow much faster in any field you set to tackling and even fight harder and longer against enemies that by all rights should crush you.
If desired you may take a one way trip into the Highschool DxD setting or a variation, whether you want to appear in canon or travel to an alternate universe strangely suited to yourself is completely possible. You can either simply be dropped in or reincarnated into the body of an existing character or someone new.


Essence of Chaldea
You gain the ability to summon servants, legendary heroes of the past, villians, or sometimes just some weirdo obsessed with swords. All class containers save Beast and Saver are all viable summoning candidates. You may choose to use a catalyst to summon someone specific or leave it random and let the whims of fate decide your new servant. Gain three command seals which regenerate one day after being used. 
Obtain Chaldea or something in its likeness that is all automated and otherwise unmanned save for one bewildered white haired woman named Olga who fell out of the CHALDEAS system. She was the director of the original Chaldea and has absolutely no idea of what just happened beyond her murder by a former subordinate. Somehow she now has exceptional compatibility to be a master where she did not before. Chaldea is crammed full of advanced technology and otherwise functions as the original and across all worlds it may find itself in. Any servants you summon will be supported by Chaldea unless you have the reserves and desire to take on the burden. You can summon Chaldea to any suitable location.
Receive forty high quality magic circuits, basic training in the fundamentals of being a magus, and are relatively fit. Olga has the qualifications to teach you more or simply summon a recent enough Caster to mentor you in magecraft.


Essence of God of War 
Become a Demigod of an Olympian or Titan from God of War, you will inherit some of their ability and are roughly as strong as Kratos was just before he killed Zeus. You can resculpt your body into a more desirable form if you wish.
Gain the items, weapons, and other objects Kratos has collected through his journey. Medusas head, The Blades of Chaos, The Blade of Olympus, the Soul of Hades and so on. Any weapons like the blades of Chaos or Exile you can simply detach without worrying about the chains sticking into your flesh. Any that are destroyed will return to you after a day. Interestingly Pandoras Box is absent.  
At will you can go into a rage that will empower you and your attacks several fold while making you very difficult to really hurt. It doesn't last all that long but while in it you could lay a god flat on their ass if your weapon is strong enough.
You are very good at slaying and laying things, as good as Kratos was and share his affinity for maximum brutality. Anyone is likely to be screaming for release by the time you are finished with them.
If you really must you can be inserted into the God of War at any point between Kratos beginning his rise to the far future in the land of the Norse.

Essence of Bleach
You gain the form of a Shinigami, Hollow, or Quincy and may choose to become a hybrid of all three if desired. How this manifests is up to you if you decide on more then one race whether it being a Visored or creature such as Ichigo.
Have great skill in all the disciplines that come with being that specific race whether it be Zanjutsu for the Shinigami or Blut for the Quincy. You also have the signature tools of your race such as the Zanpakuto or the numerous tools at the disposal of the Quincy. In the case of these you know how to produce more.
You have a moderate amount of spiritual energy and can grow it further through training or other methods.
Have a special ability or abilities related to your race and can choose to create your own or use a set from canon. This includes things like a Shinigami’s Zanpakuto, a hollows innate powers, or a power like that of the Sternritter for the Quincy. 
By expending a large amount of spiritual energy you can convert others into more of your race who will have the basic abilities of said race.

Essence of the Shinigami 
Gain the physiology of a Shinigami, your powers can never be sealed by striking the vulnerable areas on a Shinigami. Your spiritual power is equal to or greater than a captain level Shinigami.
Have a mastery of Zanjutsu, Hoho, Hakuda and Kido. You can teach any other Shinigami fairly easily.
By expending spiritual energy you can convert other mortals and ghosts into Shinigami who will have all the basic abilities that it entails.  Expending a massive amount of power can let you jump them up to the level of a Shinigami Captain.
Receive a zanpakuto either one of your own design or an existing one with the Bankai unlocked and mastered, it will regenerate after a day if it is ever sealed or destroyed.
You know how to create more Assuchi and other tools Shinigami make use of.
Optionally you have your own personal dimension that defaults to a copy of the soul society. It has no spirits amongst it to begin with but can begin receiving any newly deceased no issue.

Essence of the Hollow Arrancar
Gain the physiology of a Hollow, souls overcome with madness and despair. You are immune to losing your power by the weaknesses that Hollows or Arrancars possess. Your spiritual energy is equal to or greater than any individual of the top five Espada. 
Have mastered all the innate abilities that come with being a Hollow and Arrancar including Hierro, Sonido, and Cero. You might have some minor abilities that relate to yourself as a Hollow such as an elemental ability or gimmick. 
Have a Resurreccion of your own design or an existing one. 
By expending spiritual energy you can convert other mortals and ghosts to Hollows who will have the basic abilities and impulses of said creatures. Expending a massive amount of power can let you jump them up to the level of a Arrancar. 
Optionally you have your own personal dimension that defaults to a copy of Hueco Mundo. It has no spirits amongst it to begin with but can begin receiving any newly lost spirits no issue.

Essence of the Waifu Box
Can summon to your person a catalog of the waifus (or husbandos) of the multiverse, it has seemingly infinite pages and can sort itself as you require narrowing any search down by whatever specific needs or desires. It cannot be stolen as it will simply disappear and reappear on your person. 
Have a device or app that allows you to change the settings on your orders, which its most basic function being locating, summoning, and commanding anyone you decide to order. 
You can fill out the forms included for which individual you might want then any changes, extras or accessories to the base order and then mail them to the address indicated, which does not seemingly exist. This mail cannot be incercepted and will be swiftly delivered and processed and your package delivered in twenty four hours afterwards safe and secure at your home. 
Every box contains the individual ordered along with whatever equipment that might have been listed with their catalog entry, some assembly required. There is a lifetime warranty so if they are destroyed or ruined you can simply send the old one back and get a fresh one that maintains whatever experiences the previous did, unless you want a complete start over for whatever reason. Similarly if you are dissatisfied you can simply ship them back no questions asked. Every box comes with an individual manual of use just in case you get confused about something that came with the order.
These individuals are modified to be immortal and unaging past their prime. By default they are hardwired to obey you and having a fondness that will smooth over most of the problems they might take with being property. There are also several default modification options to their personality such as Tsundere, Deredere, Yandere, Kuudere, and further still. You can specify in the forms any special mental modifications that you may want them to have along with everything else. 
Alternatively if you wish to be more hands on you will instead receive a Waifu Box Kit which lets you make your own waifus, manual included. You will no longer be able to order or ship back waifus through the mail but the Waifu Box Kit will be able to produce any waifu you need manual included. The Waifu Box Kit manifests however you wish such as a bubbling cauldron a waifu springs forth, an advanced machine that spits out a waifu like a vending machine or stranger still. If your Waifu Box Kit is damaged or destroyed it will be restored the next day regardless of what happened to it. Waifus are automatically backed up real time and can simply be recreated if they are killed or you decide to ‘retire’ them. 




Essence of Yhwach 
Gain the body, mind, and soul of Yhwach the progenitor of the quincy as they were without absorbing the Soul King. Every memory, skill, bit of knowledge, and ability that Yhwach had access to up until that point is yours to do with as you please. Optionally you may resculpt your body to anything within the possibility of the human form, not restricted to to your existing form or that of Yhwach. 
Every schrift that Yhwach had handed out to other Quincy have found their way to you as they did for Yhwach. Any schrift that was possessed by a Quincy is now available to you though most pale in comparison to the Almighty. 
Have access to the schrift Almighty granting you the ability to see all futures, you can know everything that you see to the point that any powers become useless against you as you become immune to them. You may change the aesthetics of how Almighty manifests just in case you don't want that style of eyes.
Unlike the original you may simply expend spiritual energy to turn someone into a quincy, though the original method Yhwach had is still available. At any time you may decide to go through with Auswahlen and forcibly absorb the powers and energy of any Quincy you had a hand in creating, including the Quincy descendents of those you made a Quincy. In the same manner you can grant a schrift to other Quincy as Yhwach was able to. You are not vulnerable to Still Silver like Yhwach was. 

Essence of the Rogue Trader 
Become a Rogue Trader, humans who venture out beyond the borders of the Imperium in search of riches and opportunities. 
Have all the training, knowledge, and skills required to make for a decent and successful Rogue Trader. You may redesign your body once to anything within the human range of possibility. 
You have a Warrant of Trade that seems to be valid in any setting with whatever faction you are allied with or a part of. It cannot be revoked though enough abuse will see any allies disregarding any special status it gives you. 
Have a retinue of loyal subordinates that can take up critical roles at your side such as a Arch-Militant, Explorator, and Navigator for example.
Gain a single ship from the Imperium of Man, this might be a small frigate, lumbering transport, all the way up to a venerable grand cruiser.   
Optionally you may be dropped into the Warhammer 40k setting anywhere between the peak of the Great Crusade all the way to the dark present.

Essence of the Necromorph 
You gain the form of a Necromorph, a biological entity reanimated or converted into a horrifying monster by a Marker. Unlike other Necromorphs you maintain your mind and cannot be controlled or repelled by markers. 
Can create a single Black Marker from nothing and show others how to replicate it as Red Markers. These Markers can create new Necromorphs from the dead that will fall under your control and do anything you want them to.
By creating enough Necromorphs you can force a convergence event that would drag all the converted life into the form of a Brethren Moon. You will become the guiding intelligence of this new Brethren Moon but can leave it at any time, though it will remain under your control. You can create as many Brethren Moons as you wish, be careful though, they might wander off to feed if you leave them alone. 


Essence of the Archmagos 
Gain the form of an Archmagos of the Adeptus Mechanicus. You are on the level of intelligence and experience as Belisarius Cawl the creator of the Primaris Space Marines. Due to that you may have a variety of augmentations and cybernetics that a member of the Mechanicus might have access to.
Have a Forgeworld that is loyal to you in a star system rich in resources for your hungry industry. This Forgeworld can build most common Imperial technologies including a moderate ability to produce spaceships whether it be frigates or lumbering tradeships. It may or may not have records of STC fragments buried in its archives that could make it the second coming of Mars in importance. The Forgeworld is fully manned and built up its forces to fight wherever you desire. It even has reliable cloning technology to rapidly replace losses. 
You have a small fleet of Mechanicus warships including a venerable Ark Mechanicus that is not like the Speranza.
Optionally you may be dropped into the Warhammer 40k setting anywhere between the peak of the Great Crusade all the way to the dark present.

Essence of the Reaper 
Become a Reaper, techno organic constructs made from countless sapient lifeforms by a rebellious AI in an attempt to ‘keep balance.’
You are on par with Harbinger in power and knowledge when it comes to Reaper technology and anything based on Ezzo.
Your body carries in it a whole army of indoctrinated lifeforms whether they be Collectors or the mess of troops from the Reaper War is up to you. 
Like all Reapers you can influence the thoughts and actions of others via indoctrination. 
You cannot be controlled, synthesized, or destroyed by the Crucible or Citadel unless you allow it. No color ending. 
Option to be dropped off into the Mass Effect setting anywhere between the creation of the Star Child to the Reaper War itself.

Essence of the Asari 
Gain the form of an Asari, you have the experience and power of a Matriarch with all that it entails. Though you may choose to start at an earlier stage and keep the benefits of a Matriarch if you are not somehow immortal. 
Own an entire world populated by loyal Asari, the world is a mix of industries letting you branch out or simply survive as an independent colony. 
Have an understanding of all Asari technology up until the Reaper War and have access to a Prothean Beacon you understand to find even more useful information. 
Are guaranteed that any Asari you produce can never become an Ardat-Yakshi.
Have a decent Asari ship to get around in, comes with a loyal crew and high quality equipment.  
Option to be dropped off into the mass effect setting anywhere between the founding of the Council to the Reaper War itself.

Essence of Homeworld 
Gain a Mothership class vessel from Homeworld, it could be the Pride of Hiigara or its earlier Kushan equivalent for example. Whatever species you pick you will receive its full techbase and can construct every vessel they had access to their own creation. Yes the Progenitors or Beast counts. 
Are a solid leader and admiral and could successfully undertake perilous journeys like those of the Kushan or Hiigarans and come out on top in the end mostly intact. 
Have a loyal population that will live, fight, and die for you. Any losses can be quickly replaced through some method, maybe you have cloning bays or find new people to hire. 
Can optionally be dropped into the setting of Homeworld.


Essence of the UNSC 
Gain ownership of a UNSC world similar to Reach in population and geography before it was glassed. This world has the industry and technology to build most human technology of the UNSC save for the most exotic like the UNSC Infinity. 
Its population is loyal and will rapidly increase to the point where you can expand into new colonies after a few decades. 
You have a solid defense force that would make the UNSC proud whether it be the Army, Marines or Navy. There are even a number of Marathon and refitted Halcyon class like the Autumn was before it was lost.  
Interestingly you seem to have your own little SPARTAN program with a handful of Spartan II’s, Spartan III’s, and the more easily mass produced Spartan IV’s
Can optionally be dropped into the setting of Halo

Essence of the Tenno 
You become a Tenno, living weapons gifted with strange powers from the Void and victors over the wretched Sentient and Orokin. Unlike a fresh Tenno you have experience using your powers as an Operator and can fight just as well when not connected to a Warframe. You are also proficient at everything that might be required of a Tenno be it hacking, swordsmanship, or stealth. 
The void cannot corrupt you and you know how to create more Tenno granting them access to the same strangeness you have and can build Warframes connected to them only instead of yourself. 
Gain several Warframes, one that you are currently using and several more secured away in stasis pods aboard the Orbiter. You understand enough about Warframes that you could modify them heavily and develop more in the future without invasive and cruel procedures or condemning anyone to becoming a near mindless puppet infested golem. 
Optionally any warframes you have can be much more lively and human like with the outer layer being closer to armor then their ‘skin’. Yes that means Warframe waifus and anatomically correct. You can change the gender they appear as.They are still made of their original materials however. 
Gain a fully operational Orbiter complete with crafting facilities, smaller landing craft, Cephalon AI, Helminth Infirmary, and others. Interestingly the Orbiter contains a full database of technology and items available to the Tenno and will slowly generate resources needed to construct them.
Optionally recieve your own Lotus as a one time deal if you choose not to go to Warframe. Now Sentient free if you don't want to risk surprise space mom betrayal if her helmet is removed.
Optionally be dropped into Warframe at some point near the beginning of the game.

Essence of the Kanmusu 
Gain the ability to call forth Kanmusu warships reborn as women. They range from non combatant vessels to the mightiest battleships to ever sail the seven seas. You have a starter ship with your choice being any of the initial ones you can get in Kantai Collection those being Murakumo, Fubuki, Sazanami, Samidare, or Inazuma
Your fleet will likely at least have a few develop feelings for you, there is a non-zero chance all of your ships will end up in a close relationship with you whether that be platonic or something more intimate.
Any Kanmusu lost can simply be rebuilt or resummoned with all of their memories intact. If you manage to destroy an Abyssal you can attempt to purify them to add them to your fleet. 
Gain a Kanmusu form that can equal the great carriers or battleships of the second world war, possibly later. No you don't have to be female. 
Any ship you sink or capture can be added to your fleet as a loyal Kanmusu.
Gain a suitable base for your fleet such as a naval district or refurbished military base.The base is always stocked with the materials to repair and resupply your forces. 
Optionally you can introduce naturally occuring Abyssals and Kanmusu in a world who will rise to fight each other. 
Optionally you may be dropped into the Kantai Collection universe. 

Essence of the Abyssal Fleet 
Gain the ability to call forth corrupted shipgirls in the form of abyssals.Abyssals range from weak destroyers with little intelligence to the most powerful Princesses and Demons. You start with a single princess or demon level abyssal like Battleship Princess. 
Your fleet will likely at least have a few develop feelings for you.
Any Abyssals lost can simply be rebuilt or resummoned with all of their memories intact.
Gain limited control of the seas and can create massive tropical storms that interfere with reconnaissance and sensors not your own. 
You gain a powerful abyssal form the equal to any of the Princess or Demon type abyssals. It may either be an installation or a conventional shipgirl form. No you don't have to be female. 
Any ships you or your fleet destroy or capture can be corrupted and added to your fleet. 
Gain an base that can support your operations such as an old abandoned island or an undersea abyssal base. The base is always stocked with the materials to repair and resupply your forces. 
Optionally you can introduce naturally occuring Abyssals and Kanmusu in a world who will rise to fight each other. 
Optionally you may be dropped into the Kantai Collection universe. 

Essence of the Kansen
Gain a seemingly limitless trickle of wisdom cubes by which you can create new Kansen, warships that have manifested as women.They range from non combatant vessels to the mightiest battleships to ever sail the seven seas. Furthermore you can mass produce production model vessels which might as well be fodder for Kansen. You have a starter ship with your choice being any of the initial ones you can get in Azur Lane namely, Laffey, Javelin, or Z23. 
Any Kansen lost can simply be rebuilt with all of their memories intact via Wisdom Cube.
Gain a Kansen form that can equal the great carriers or battleships of the second world war, possibly later. No you don't have to be female. 
Any ships you or your fleet destroy or capture can be created for yourself via a wisdom cube.
Your fleet will likely have many develop feelings for you. They are very needy girls. Seriously.
Gain a base that can support your fleet and is self sufficient. The base is always stocked with the materials to repair and resupply your forces. 
Beware Akashi.
Optionally you may be dropped into the Azur Lane universe. 


Essence of Sekirei
Soon after drinking this you will find a derelict alien ship that contains 109 souls aboard in stasis. You somehow have access to the systems of the ship and can awaken those in stasis as you please. The ship itself while full of advanced technology is not what is special so much as its passengers. Each Sekirei is a superhuman entity onto themselves and can be bonded with any ashikabi that proves compatible essentially taking them on as a partner for life.
You can either choose to become an ashikabi and have great compatibility with any Sekirei or become a Sekirei. If you choose to become a Sekirei you have incredible physical abilities and some power such as control over wind or water.
Can somehow turn others to Sekirei with all that entails.
Optionally you may forsake the ship and its occupants in order to be delivered into the Sekirei setting before the Sekirei Plan begins itself to gather them the hard way. Fate will conspire to arrange you to wing any single Sekirei even the pillar or the deceased Yume who will be restored if chosen, mind the fallout.

Essence of Fallout
Gain a well balanced body that has moderate stats in all S.P.E.C.I.A.L. categories at a solid 6 if measured on a Vit-o-matic Vigor Tester. You may exchange this balance for an average body with a 5 but may distribute 7 points between Strength, Perception, Endurance, Charisma, Intelligence, Agility, and Luck up to a 10.
Have the same potential as any of the Fallout protagonists going from a no name wastelander to a feared and respected legend wherever you may roam. You start with a decent understanding of a few skills and at the very least know basic survival and self defense
Raising your skills in areas such as science, repair, and medicine will slowly reveal the technology of the Pre-War and Post-War world eventually giving you the secrets to even the Big Mountain facility or the Sierra Madre.

Essence of the Terran Hegemony 
You become the ruler of the Terran Hegemony of Battletech. Once the glue that held together the Star League before it was destroyed in the 2700s. 
You gain all the prerequisite skills needed to run an interstellar power whether it be in war and peace, and bring that state into a golden age of prosperity. 
Are a solid battlemech pilot and combatant in general able to operate all common weapons and vehicles. You are also not a slouch in strategy or tactics. 
Gain control of all Terran Hegemony worlds as they were before the coup in 2764 and the death of the Cameron bloodline. You may choose to be a Cameron or decide on an alternate house to become the ‘canon’ ruler of the Terran Hegemony.
Gain a reconstituted Terran Hegemony Armed Forces and Navy drawn from Star League forces, notably the Royal Divisions. Your SDS system is fully functional and ready to fight off any invaders. 
Gain a complete Prometheus data core which has all Star League tech stored on it. If you feel like you need more Inner Sphere tech and Clan tech up to 3067 can be included as well. If this extra is included your military will be updated to reflect this with Battlearmor and Omnimech capability. 
Can be dropped into the Battletech setting from 2764 to 3067 overlapping the original Terran Hegemony territory and replacing whatever was there. If you want a bigger challenge only the Solar System will overlap leaving Terra as your lone bulwark in the Inner Sphere.  

Essence of Sukebe 
You gain the knowledge and expertise of the infamous Sukebe, creator of the Pokegirls.
Understand and can construct any of the technology that Sukebe made use of before and during the Revenge War and whatever new technology developed by the various leagues.
Have the knowledge to create any breed of pokegirl including legendaries, you know how to program intense loyalty into even the normally most unruly of pokegirls. You know how to make Pokegirls immune to becoming feral or make it take much longer in case you wanted to still have them on a leash.
You can delta bond with any of your pokegirls.
Gain an advanced laboratory that has examples of the majority of the tech Sukebe made use of during his time. It even has a working dimensional portal that you can use to travel. The lab is perfect for tinkering with pokegirl breeds or technology related to them. There is a single pod with any non legendary pokegirl in stasis you can grab as a starter.
If you want something much more substantial the lab optionally has at least one of every pokegirl in stasis to use as you see fit. Legendaries may be the existing ones or successful near blank slate clones. Mind the menace types. 
Optionally you may be dropped into pokegirls at any point in the timeline. 

Essence of the Global Defense Initiative 
You become a commander of the GDI of the Tiberium universe. 
Gain a single Mobile Construction Vehicle which can unfold into a construction yard where all other structures can be produced. You have access to the full array of GDI tech from Tiberium Dawn and forward. 
Gain a seemingly limitless and stable supply of manpower to make use of the equipment you are able to produce. Where it comes from is up to you, maybe the locals follow you or you or they simply show up. Your troops will be loyal and be relatively disciplined and well trained even for GDI troops.
Gain your own Electronic Video Agent or EVA that acts as an assistant coordinating communications and data between your forces and yourself. 
Are able to seed Tiberium wherever you are albeit this Tiberium will only spread as far as you wish making it somewhat safe to introduce unless you don't want it to be. 
Have access to the GDI superweapon known as the orbital Ion Cannon. If they are destroyed they will simply restore themselves after a week.
Optionally you may be dropped into the Command & Conquer Tiberium universe. 

 
Essence of the Allied Commander 
You become a commander of the Allies of the Red Alert universe. 
Gain a single Mobile Construction Vehicle which can unfold into a construction yard where all other structures can be produced. You have access to both timelines of allied technology in the third world war both in the timeline that erased Hitler and the timeline that erased Einstein. 
Gain a seemingly limitless and stable supply of manpower to make use of the equipment you are able to produce. Where it comes from is up to you, maybe the locals follow you or you simply make use of cloning technology stolen from Yuri. Your troops will be loyal and be relatively discipled and well trained even for Allied troops.
Gain an attractive and capable assistant that will support your operations and all around make your job easier. You may choose to have Eva Lee, Eva McKenna, or even both as your help if you want. In addition special agents like Tanya are also available at your discretion. 
You become immune to death via time shenanigans and will always survive paradoxes, timeline shifts, changes, or any sort of warping of its fabric. This protection extends to any that follow you just so the enemy can’t win without you being able to fight back. 
Have access to the superweapons of the allies of both timelines including the Weather Control Device and Proton Collider.  
Optionally you may be dropped into the Command & Conquer Red Alert universe. 

Essence of the Comrade General 
You become a commander of the Soviet Union of the Red Alert universe. 
Gain a single Mobile Construction Vehicle which can unfold into a construction yard where all other structures can the be produced. You have access to both timelines of Soviet technology in the third world war both in the timeline that erased Hitler and the timeline that erased Einstein. You additionally have the technology used by Yuri during his uprising.
Gain a seemingly limitless and stable supply of manpower to make use of the equipment you are able to produce. Where it comes from is up to you, maybe the locals follow you or you simply make use of cloning technology stolen from Yuri. Your troops will be loyal and be relatively disciplined and well trained even for Soviet troops.
Gain an attractive and capable assistant that will support your operations and all around make your job easier. You may choose to have Zofia, Dasha Fedorovich, or even both as your help if you want. In addition special agents like Natasha Volkova are also available at your discretion. 
You become immune to death or alteration via time shenanigans and will always survive paradoxes, timeline shifts, changes, or any sort of warping of its fabric. This protection extends to any that follow you just so the enemy can’t win without you being able to fight back. 
Have access to the superweapons of the Soviets of both timelines including the Iron Curtain and Vacuum Imploder. 
Optionally you may be dropped into the Command & Conquer Red Alert universe. 

Essence of the Imperial Supreme Shogun
You become a commander of the Empire of Japan of the Red Alert universe. 
Gain a single Mobile Construction Vehicle which can unfold into a construction yard where all other structures can be produced. You have access to the single timeline of Imperial technology in the third world war in the timeline that erased Einstein. 
Gain a seemingly limitless and stable supply of manpower to make use of the equipment you are able to produce. Where it comes from is up to you, maybe the locals follow you or you simply make use of cloning technology stolen from Yuri. Your troops will be loyal and be relatively disciplined and well trained even for Imperial troops.
Gain an attractive and capable assistant that will support your operations and all around make your job easier. You may choose to have Suki Toyama as your help if you want. In addition special agents like Yuriko Omega are also available at your discretion. 
You become immune to death or alteration via time shenanigans and will always survive paradoxes, timeline shifts, changes, or any sort of warping of its fabric. This protection extends to any that follow you just so the enemy can’t win without you being able to fight back. 
Have access to the superweapons of the Empire including the Psychic Devastator and Nanoswarm Hive.
Optionally you may be dropped into the Command & Conquer Red Alert universe. 


Essence of the Psychic Commander
You become the product of Armacham research as a psychic commander.
Gain the skills and experience of a hardened soldier able to fight on par with on of the most elite special forces the United States has to offer in the form of Delta.  
You are a powerful psychic and start out being the equal of Paxton Fettel before his death and have the capacity to grow to equal his mother Alma in power and versatility. Any children you have also have the inborn ability of psionics if you wish.  
Have an arsenal of all the equipment used by Delta, Armacham, and Replicant Forces through the F.E.A.R. series in seemingly limitless amounts that replenishes as it is used. 
Optionally gained a fully manned and fully equipped battalion of Replica soldiers ready and waiting for your command. 
Optionally also gain the companionship of Alma who has seemingly become attached to you for one reason or another. Careful with that one.
Optionally you may be dropped into the F.E.A.R. universe. 

Essence of the Doll Commander
You gain the skills, knowledge, and simulated experience of a hardened commander in the post world war three Earth of Girls Frontline.
Gain an fortified military base that comes with all required facilities to build, maintain, and upgrade Dolls no matter if they are IPO based or Sangvis based. The base additionally can produce military grade units and equipment up to armored vehicles if need be. The base is large enough to house a full brigade of troops plus support units and comes with multiple vehicles from trucks to helicopters for transport, A-Dolls that handle maintenance and upkeep of the base, and a network of turrets to beef up the existing security provided by any units you have. 
The base has a battalions worth of military units to handle security split up between Cyclops, Aegis, and a few Manticore models sprinkled in.
The base also has a ten or so fully dummy linked individual T-Dolls to start with, the models of said T-Dolls are up to you. Roughly a company's worth of bodies to work with
Any dolls you produce have their Digi-minds automatically backed up in case of destruction, even ones that explicitly were not able to have done so originally. By getting closer with your T-Dolls and raising their affection you can Oath them which boosts their capabilities across the board and enhances their capacity for affection towards you even more. Regardless all of the Dolls are incapable of disobeying your orders thanks to their programming. Yes they can be upgraded to be able to bear offspring. 
You have a large enough supply of resources to fuel your base and Dolls for several long operations.
Optionally be dropped into the Girls Frontline setting as the commander of the G&K base where the plot occurs. 

Essence of the Adaptive Cruiser 
You become the captain of an Adaptive Cruiser of the Hostile Waters: Antaeus Rising setting. You have all the requisite skills, experience, and knowledge that a captain of such a vessel might need and can lead just as well as the captain of the Adaptive Cruiser 00.
 The Adaptive Cruiser is a warship of great power, possessing heavy artillery, advanced cold fusion power, Artificial Intelligence, and can circumnavigate the globe in only a few days on its lonesome. 
The most valuable part of the cruiser is its Creation Engine which is a device that contains trillions of nanite assemblers which can assemble and disassemble objects the size of military vehicles in seconds. Nearly anything can be made with the nanites provided the requisite material and energy, clothing and food out of trash and dirt, a jet out of a destroyed tank and rubble, and further still.  
Paired with the production ability is its ability to make use of Soul Catcher chips or small chips that record the personality and skills of a dead person to give access to a limitless number of the same veteran personnel even if they are killed over and over. You can also make use of Soul Catcher if you are killed but you will be simply reconstituted from the chip with a clone of your original body made around it. 
Optionally you can choose to use another naval warship as the hull of the Adaptive Cruiser with the same levels of technology as the cruiser, just in case if you wanted an Adaptive Tillman Battleship or Nimitz Supercarrier.

Essence of the Metro
You are put on a one way trip to the decaying metro system of post nuclear Moscow. No ticket refunds. You may choose where in the metro you arrive, Polis is recommended.  
You gain all the skills, knowledge, and experience of the best Polis based Spartan Rangers in the post nuclear war Moscow metro. Furthermore you have the sort of luck that only the protagonist of a first person shooter could have when it comes to surviving fights and not getting killed or permanently injured. 
You are immune to psychic abilities and will not go insane from Dark Ones interacting with you, you can sense anomalies and other supernatural phenomenon and have an instinctual ability to know how to safely avoid them.  
Gain a secure and sealed bunker that can house a small group for years without going outside. The bunker has an armory filled with military grade ammunition and guns both from before the war and after that were made in the metro itself. Add in all the gas masks, filters, body armor, and other vital gear for the ruins of Moscow and there isn’t much more that you could want for in equipment. 
Have an armored train stored away safely and secretly somewhere on a rail line on the surface. It is fueled up and has a similar loadout of equipment as the bunker does just in case you want to leave Moscow. 
Optionally you will encounter or begin to build a close knit group of subordinates and associates who are experts in their fields or professions. You could make your own force of rangers if you wanted.

Essence of the S.T.A.L.K.E.R.
You gain the skills, knowledge, and experience of a master STALKER. 
You have a powerful 6th sense for anomalies, mutants, radiation, hostile STALKERS or zombies, and blowouts if they are about to occur. You can easily distinguish between each specific type of danger and can tell where it will be coming from. You can navigate the Zone as easily as the legendary stalker named Guide. 
You are immune to psychic damage or the degenerative effects of the center of the Zone. 
Are a skilled engineer and mechanic, given the correct tools and materials you could perform all the upgrades available to STALKERS in the Zone.
You know how to get to an anomaly that can generate any kind of artifact and very often compared to other anomalies. Getting there is simple as letting the anomaly tug you onto the right path even if it doesn't quite make sense as you can do this anywhere.
Gain your own STALKER hideout that is safe from blowouts and resistant to attacks by other STALKERS and mutants. This hideout has a supply of gear and consumables ranging from mediocre quality gear found on many rookie STALKERS to experimental gear like power armor, SEVA suits, and a few gauss rifles for added measure.
The Wish Granter is a lie.


NorthSouthGorem

Essence of the Elements
By taking this Essence, you gain control over one or any number of the four basic elements (Fire, Water, Earth, Air)
You can create or destroy any amount of your element
You may transform into your element in order to become amorphous. Transforming back will heal you
You gain sustenance by absorbing your element
As you practice, you will gain the ability to branch out into the more esoteric elements (lightning, ice, metal, etc.)
You have complete control over the element(s) of your choice, and immunity to their harmful effects.

Essence of the Brain
By taking this essence, you unlock the energy of all your brain cells working together.
Infinite memory and genius level intellect.
You can manipulate Psionic energy in order to affect the world, the minds/perceptions of others or enhance your own body, all to massive levels.
You can easily read the mind of anyone you choose, allowing you to easily and subtly manipulate them.
You can program your power to do particular tasks ahead of time, so that you don't need to focus on them.
You can sense any and all forces/energy, including time and space, allowing you to control them with enough effort.
You gain Astral Projection/remote viewing, which allows you to observe distant events or enter the dreams of others. You keep your other powers while in this state, allowing you to exert your abilities from an even greater distance.

Essence of the Summoner
By taking this essence, you are granted dominion over the calling of others.
You may manifest your soul or call upon the souls of the departed (all of whom are absolutely loyal to you) and give them weapons and armor.
You can summon various demons and forge their spirits into weapons/armor.
You may cause any artifact of power to appear before you.
You are given encyclopedic knowledge (with infinite memory) of all the spirits, demons, mythological creatures and artifacts in the multiverse.
You have the ability to bind anything you summon to you, so that it can never be lost or stolen.

Essence of the Shape
By taking this essence, your form has become a suggestion, rather than something rigidly defined.
You no longer have a default form. Everything about you can be changed by your whim.
You can shapeshift into forms that have greater or less mass than you, including inanimate objects.
You can split off pieces of yourself and shapeshift those.
You can transform into any being and gain their powers, along with combine multiple beings.
You may transmute any matter, energy or living being around you into anything.

Essence of the Mirror
By taking this essence, you gain the ability to create reflections of anything.
You gain the ability to duplicate any object you see, even if it's just an image.
You can create an infinite number of absolutely loyal clones, and dismiss them at will.
You can copy powers, as long as you see them being used.
You may reflect/bounce any incoming attack in another direction.
You may travel through any reflective surface.

Essence of the Nomad
By taking this essence, you take on the skills of the ultimate traveler
You are granted infinite stamina.
Your body is completely rid of minor aches and pains and minor wounds heal Instantaneously.
Other living beings do not see you as a threat and will ignore you. This can be toggled.
You are able to teleport by any method you wish.
You can travel to alternate universes at will
You are granted encyclopedic knowledge of all the most exciting places in the multiverse.
You always have enough money to get by.
You are immune to any disease.
You automatically have the skills to drive, pilot or ride any form of vehicle or mount.
You are granted the skillset necessary to survive in any environment, with your body/clothes adapting as needed.
You become able to speak and understand any language, whether spoken, written or containing non-verbal components such as telepathy.
You will always know where you are, where you've been and how to navigate/orient yourself by any means.
You can 'mark' any world that you've been in in order to more easily find it again.

Essence of the Breeder
By taking this essence, you become the sexiest thing alive.
Your body is changed to become your ultimate ideal of sex appeal, including tremendous endowment.
Porn physics apply to you.
Members of the opposite sex are inexorably drawn to you. You may toggle this on or off, or set it to target certain criteria.
Your charisma increases to ridiculous levels.
You are guaranteed to impregnate or be impregnated every time you have sex, with however many or few babies you want. This can be toggled on and off.
Pregnancies last up to a third as fast as normal, and your offspring reach sexual maturity in a matter of months.
There are no negative consequences for incest.
Your offspring (which can be any sex you wish) can inherit your abilities, either at full power or weaker.
You can breed with any species, and the offspring will either be a half-breed (with just the right amount of fusion) or purely one of the parent's species. You choose which.

Essence of the Gourmand
By taking this essence, you become the king of gourmet.
You are granted encyclopedia of all the ingredients in the multiverse.
You can receive ideas on how to create new dishes.
You can conjure any ingredients and cooking equipment you want out of thin air.
You can eat as much as you want without having to worry about your weight. In fact, the more you eat, the more your attributes increase.
You can eat anything. Your teeth will bite through any substance, and it will soften inside your mouth.
Should you wish it, you can gain the properties of anything you eat. Cooking it increases the benefits you gain.

Essence of the Blank
By taking this essence, you gain but one benefit:
Your potential becomes limitless. You can learn any discipline or skillset, even if you shouldn't be capable of it, without forgetting it and practice them into mastery, no matter how many you learn. Any abilities you have from other Essences will increase where possible and develop in ways beyond their initial purposes.


Essence of the Machine
By taking this Essence, the line between man and machine is wiped away. After all, organics ARE machines. Just messier.

* You become aware of every function in your body and state of health, while gaining independence from them. IE, you no longer need your brain to think.
* You can detect, broadcast and receive any sort of signal, along any frequency.
* You can control any mechanical or electronic device.
* You can partition your mind to focus on multiple threads of thought, with no limit on the number. In addition, your thoughts can accelerate ad infinitum.
* You can duplicate or transfer your mind into any device.
* Your body produces a constant supply of nanomachines, which can augment your body in any way and repair/reinforce/upgrade any object.
* At will, you can transform any part of your body into machinery and back again.
* Any technology you imagine can be created by you and your nanomachines, even if it should not logically make sense or be possible.

Essence of the Merchant
*You are able to assess the value of anything you see. Any object, living being or even a concept such as a person's emotions. This value can be equated to any other kind of value, whether it be physical currency, energy, mana, etc.
*By paying the value, you can gain ownership over that thing, or cause an effect, such as spending mana to cast a spell.
*You can sense, get in contact with and appear to or summon any entity you would like to bargain with.
*You can negotiate any sort of transaction with ease, with knowledge of loopholes and clauses.
*You can establish contracts for favors with other living beings in order to waive or reduce the value paid for the desired effect. This can include supernatural beings such as demons.
*You may also act as a mediator between two parties, creating similar contracts and overseeing their execution impartially.
*Once a contract is signed and sealed, you are linked to the other party or parties, and will know when they are fulfilling their end of the bargain. This link lasts until the contract is fulfilled or all sides agree to break it off (should you include such a capability in the contract).

Essence of the Spiral

* Your determination/hot-bloodedness can now be dialed up and down at will, without compromising your thought processes.
* You become capable of generating large quantities of Spiral Power, which can power any technology, improve any object and create matter/energy from nothing. The more pumped up you are, the more potent it becomes.
* Your Spiral Power can materialize a super-advanced mecha of your choice, which can be modified and upgraded at your discretion. The mech can be dismissed and called back at will. This mech runs on Spiral Power, and sufficiently high levels will allow it to act on its own. Controlling the mech is as easy as breathing and works how you want it to.
* You can summon drills from any part of your body, or from any vehicle (or mech) you happen to be piloting.
* You become much more charismatic, allowing those around you to generate Spiral Power and mechs of their own.
Cliff999
Essence of the Adventurer
By consuming the essence of the Adventurer, the eternal wanderer and jack-of-all-trades, you gain the following boons:

A sound mind in a sound body, ready and fit for adventure. This will maintain undiminished even into old age, although your lifespan will only be mildly enhanced barring further boons from elsewhere.
A free, one-time cosmetic body resculpt to your ideal or desired appearance. For some reason adventurers are often good-looking.
Immunity to all diseases, immunity to minor health problems, and the ability to consume anything that isn't actually poisonous or indigestible by your metabolism without any problems.
Infinite willpower to keep going through any amount of hardship; even bloody and broken you will not stop.
Perfect memory with infinite storage.
Enhanced learning and development, the ability to go from entirely untrained to having completely maxed out your potential or skill in a much shorter period of time than normal. This applies to anything that you already have the capacity to do or learn that can possibly be advanced by training. Advancement never slows down until or unless you hit a softcap.
Skills, stats, and abilities never degrade due to lack of training or the passage of time.

Essence of the Immortal
By consuming the Essence of the Immortal, the quintessence of the desire to live forever, you gain the following boons:
Your aging halts when you reach the prime of life, the exact moment when the body stops maturing and starts dying. If your body is already past the prime of life, it reverts to that point.
A healing factor that maintains you in perfect health and lets you rapidly recover from any injury, disease, or poison short of the total destruction of your body. You can easily block out pain if you want to while still retaining an awareness of injury.
Perfect memory with infinite storage and data recovery. Even if your memories are somehow erased, they will eventually return. Death of identity is just another form of death, and you can never truly die.
Skills, stats, and abilities never degrade due to lack of training or the passage of time. Reincarnating into a new body does mean you have to physically condition that new body from scratch, but 'muscle memory' is actually in the mind and so carries over just fine.
An indestructible mind, that is highly resistant to insanity and which will eventually recover from any amount of mental trauma or destruction even if crushed or obliterated by overwhelming force. Barring other powers or abilities you can still potentially be negatively affected by horrible events, boredom, sensory deprivation, etc., but you will never be permanently lost inside your own head.
An eternal soul, that cannot be trapped, bound, owned, permanently harmed, or eliminated by any power short of the Supreme Being. If you are ever destroyed by any means, up to and including being retroactively erased from having ever existed, you will reincarnate somewhere else and regain your memories and abilities in early childhood. Barring other factors you will reincarnate on the inhabitable world closest to where you 'died' as a healthy newborn of the closest equivalent to the race you 'died' as, usually the same one in both cases. If the entire universe is unavailable to reincarnate in then you will reincarnate in a nearby universe.
The ability to voluntarily 'die' and trigger your next reincarnation. Intended for use in situations such as being trapped in an inescapable void, buried underneath a collapsed mountain, being devoured alive for eternity in an Elder God's stomach, locked in temporal stasis, trapped in an inescapable time loop, etc. This ability will never activate under any circumstances unless you genuinely and of your own free will want it to, but can be activated 'subconsciously' regardless of how incapacitated you are.
The ability to petition the Supreme Being to end your immortality and allow you to move on to what comes next, but only if you while entirely in your right mind and with the utmost sincerity want to.

Essence of the Cultivator
By consuming this essence you become as ridiculously overpowered and blessed with potential and luck as the greatest of xianxia main characters. Which, if you know xianxia, is pretty damn ridiculous.

You gain the ability to 'cultivate' your 'internal energy', allowing you access to increasing tiers of effects and powers in-theme for wuxia and/or xianxia, the exact nature and power level of these effects depending on what degree have cultivated it to. You may use an existing cultivation system from any xianxia novel or create your own.
You may grant this ability to cultivate to others and teach them your system, but they are limited to their own willpower, comprehensive abilities, and talents when it comes to success. You may still use external means, such as alchemy or creating and sharing secret techniques, to help them.
Cultivating your internal energy slows down your aging, eventually making you truly unaging. Likewise, you may eventually transcend mortal needs such as sustenance, normal rest, or needing to breathe. Your mind and soul will be adjusted so as to be able to endure immortality.
Your talent for cultivation and speed and ease of learning at all things related to cultivation (including martial arts, alchemy, and creating artifacts) is beyond ludicrous. Your aptitude is raised to the maximum possible allowable in existence and perhaps slightly beyond even that. You can choose to slow this down when you need to or when you wish to avoid attracting attention.
This includes your ability to make use of external cultivation aids, such as parts from mystical beasts and exotic plants and treasures. You may easily consume and gain maximum benefit from such things even without preparation, and gain even greater benefits from them with sufficient preparation and alchemical knowledge.
Even if your cultivation system does not normally provide you with one you will still be gifted with perfect memory, including infinite storage and perfect indexing.
As one specially blessed by this Essence and the heavens, you may ignore the usual limits of your cultivation system whenever you find it convenient. You may mix incompatible elements, cultivate female-only arts as a male or vice versa, ignore dietary or behavioral restrictions normally required of cultivators, etc.
Your cultivation cannot be 'crippled'. Injuries that would normally destroy your cultivation instead merely temporarily wound it, but you can heal in time. Likewise, any cultivation techniques that carry a risk of death if performed incorrectly are entirely safe for you; you may or may not succeed at them but failure will never kill or permanently injure you, and you may try again.
Your cultivation never dead-ends or gets trapped in a bottleneck. Regardless of what choices you make or what system you are in, there are no 'traps' that leave you stuck at a given stage of cultivation forever. All setbacks are clearable with enough hard work and your 'foundation' is always ideally solid.
Your willpower is truly unlimited, unbreakable, and unsurpassed, and you have a perfect sense of 'self'. No amount of pain or hardship can deter you, no illusion can trap you or bind your heart or soul, and you can focus on a task for eternity if need be. Any cultivation challenges that depend on strength of will or clarity of mind are auto-win for you.
You have the luck of a top-tier xianxia protagonist. Coincidence and fate favor you greatly, mentors and training materials seem to be available whenever most needed, discovering treasures and rarities seem to be much more common for you than for other people whenever you go exploring and adventuring, and you have plot armor sufficient to survive almost anything.
Cultivation is not for the idle, but instead for those who struggle and overcome challenges. Regardless of how powerful you grow you may always find things that challenge you if you make a sufficient effort to seek them out, until you finally stand among the highest of beings.

Essence of the Unlimited
By consuming this Essence, the accumulated frustration with limits and math and exact point accounting of an innumerable number of CYOA users, you gain freedom from such limits.

By consuming this essence you may choose as many or as few options as you want from any other CYOA document, without having to keep track of the # of points you spend or options you use. You do not have to actually run yourself through the CYOA in question unless you want to.
You may not purchase anything repeatedly unless the CYOA in question allows you to. It is requested that you not stack a nigh-infinite amount of identical purchases on top of each other, but that is not a firm limit.
If you take Drawbacks from that CYOA, for whatever reason, then they still have their full effect on you.
Even if you would normally not have access to any other CYOAs, you may still choose any number of CYOAs to be done in addition to this one.
You may get free stuff from the Archdeity of Eternity or similarily 'beyond-ROB' entities only if they are feeling generous. Which they sometimes are, so don't abandon hope.

Essence of the Ultimate Intellect
By consuming this essence, the ultimate proof of the power of pure intellect, you transcend all known limits of intelligence.

* Your intellectual faculties (mental capacity, mental focus, calculation, computation, cognition, competence, memory, wit, ingenuity, creativity, mental perception, learning capacity, deductive reasoning, inductive reasoning, visualization, analysis, instinct, intuition, self-awareness, composure, mentality, multi-tasking, etc.) are increased to the absolute maximum possible in all existence, and perhaps slightly beyond even that.
* Your intellect is not only exponential but also transcendent and flawless. The only possible cause for your making a mental error would be the garbage-in-garbage-out principle, because your cognition is perfect within the limits of the data available. Even a supermassive quantum-computing Matrioshka Brain would be less than a protozoa compared to you. Your processing capacity also scales up without limit when necessary, to the point you could effortlessly solve any finite algorithm in a single unit of Planck time.
* You no longer have a subconscious, your intellect being enhanced to the point that you have a "supra-conscious" mind instead. Like a subconscious your supra-conscious is capable of performing both mental and neuro-physical actions as background tasks without needing you to actually focus on them (although your heightened focus and multi-tasking could let you simultaneously concentrate on any number of separate things if need be), but unlike a subconscious you may have your supra-consciousness execute almost any task or tasks that your conscious mind would be capable of, however complex, and have your conscious mind exert total control over its functions when necessary.
* Your supra-consciousness also gives you instantaneous and effortless access to every iota of every quality and characteristic that you possess, and every scrap of knowledge that you ever have acquired or ever will acquire. This grants you, among other things, a perfect memory with unlimited storage that is retroactive across your entire life to a degree bordering on postcognition.
* Your supra-consciousness also allows you to fully comprehend and control your emotional state. While you still have a normal capacity for emotion should you so choose, you never become emotionally compromised or traumatized by anything unless you allow it. Furthermore, your mind is capable of processing, resolving, and overcoming trauma with almost instantaneous speed when you focus on doing so, and will also autonomously use this self-repair capacity to return you to at least adequate mental functioning should your mind somehow be too catastrophically damaged to focus.
* Your intellectual expansion will not materially alter your personality against your will, although you may of course apply your newly heightened capacities for self-awareness and introspection towards the goal of personal growth and change if you want to. Otherwise you will still remain "yourself" as much as possible despite your new level of sentience, without risking the death of personality that can sometimes accompany transcendence.
* On the principle of a 'sound mind in a sound body', this essence grants you perfect health and average fitness for a member of your species. The heightened capacity for conscious bio-feedback that your supra-consciousness provides allows you to, among other things, maintain your level of physical fitness without deliberate exercise.

Essence of Endless Lives
By consuming the Essence of Endless Lives, the primal urge to experience life in all of its infinite variety, you ensure that your soul will have as many chances to experience life as you wish.

* Your soul is unbound from the normal cycle of existence and becomes absolutely indestructible, untrappable, and unownable. Nothing short of the Supreme Being can prevent you from being reborn.
* Every time your life ends, by any cause up to and including total conceptual retroactive destruction of your existence, you will reincarnate into any universe you wish and at a location and time of your choosing. With one exception, every time you are reborn will be into a separate timeline.
* The exception is that you may choose to 'rewind' the same life you just died in, all the way back to the beginning. You may rewind more than once. You rewind all the way back to birth every time you choose to rewind at all. You do not have to rewind any life unless you want to, but after you have moved on to a new life you may not go back and rewind a prior life yet again.
* As part of your being unbound from the normal cycle of existence you may choose the parents you are born to and the circumstances you are born into, each as privileged or as poor as you want them to be. However, from birth onward your karma will be neutral and without any predestined fate or destiny.
* You may reincarnate into a newborn of any sentient race that exists in-setting, and will for the duration of that lifetime have all the powers and abilities that your new body would normally have. You may reincarnate into any entity below the 'cosmic being' tier of power.
* You may, if you wish, have your memories and abilities lie 'dormant' until you are out of infancy and into childhood.
* You may choose to reincarnate into a 'special' example of your new race, one born with or destined to obtain powers or abilities not common among its species, but only so long as such entities would already exist in-setting to potentially reincarnate to. (For example, you could not reincarnate into a baby with mutant superpowers unless superpowered mutants were already a thing in that world.)
* You may freely reset your physical stats with every new life, within the racial minimums and maximums of the new life you are reincarnating into. Your mental stats will remain your own but you will carry forward any improvements in those stats between lives. You will never have 'dump stats' unless you choose to, and 'dump stats' will always reset to normal after you end a life.
* With each new life you will have the opportunity to 'leave behind' any emotional or mental trauma that occurred in previous lives and start afresh, if you choose to.
* You gain perfect memory with infinite storage. You always have perfect awareness of which memory occurred in which lifetime.
* You are always naturally adapted to whatever new form you reincarnate to however weird or non-humanoid it may be. Any species you are born into will be experienced as if you had always been that species. In later lives the memories of these more exotic existences will remain comprehensible, if possibly somewhat detached from your current existence.
* Barring another ability or Essence that would allow them to, powers and abilities do not transfer between lives unless they would be an artifact of the soul or the mind and not the body. Likewise, powers and abilities only transfer between lives if the metaphysics of the universe you are reincarnating into would support their existing there.
* As a specific exception to the above, note that "muscle memory" is actually part of the mind and so mundane skills and knowledge - even physical skills - always carries over. Your perfect memory will keep you from suffering from inconvenient reflexes or habits that may be associated with a body shape that you no longer have.
* You may end your endless cycle of lives and move on to what comes next, but only if you while entirely in your right mind and with the utmost sincerity want to.

Essence of Perfection
By consuming this Essence, the quintessential distillation of success, you become pretty much perfect.

* At the time you consume this Essence you immediately win the genetic lottery. Your stats all increase to peak racial maximum, you are restored to perfect physical and mental health, and your age reverts to the prime of life.
* You also gain the typical action-hero package of a minor healing factor that allows action-hero level recovery from injuries, immunity to all diseases, and a one-time boost to your desired appearance.
* You gain infinite willpower to keep going through any amount of hardship, and a perfect memory with infinite storage.
* You gain ideal harmony of thought and action. You simply do not fail at anything you attempt so long as you had a non-zero probability of success in the first place. Your talents, skills, abilities, instincts, and luck will all come together in a perfectly subtle and harmonious whole to guarantee absolute peak performance every time. Note that this is not omnipotence - if you had simply no possibility of succeeding, then you will still fail. To use a tabletop RPG analogy, any time you would normally roll dice then you would auto-crit or max-damage instead but you're still capped by what would otherwise be your stats and abilities.
* Since your talents and instincts and capacity to learn are as perfect as the rest of you, you can train up new skills and master new abilities stupidly quickly and your skills, stats, and abilities never degrade unless you wish them to. Even if learning a new ability would normally require you to forfeit progress in a prior one, you can ignore that and just continue learning all the same.
* If you wish you may 'dial down' your perfection so that you only achieve normal successes instead of critical successes, or even undergo the normal risks of failing (or at least as much risk of failure as a person with your skills and stats would normally have if rolling honest dice). You may do this selectively for each individual action and without having to pay conscious attention. Perfection is not really perfection if it's a trap, and this is not a trap. There is only one exception to this.
* That exception is actions necessary to save your life. So long as there is any possibility you can survive a situation, you will. Your skills, instincts, and luck will carry you through any such encounter still alive, if not necessarily victorious. Although actually losing would require facing odds so overwhelming that even your absolutely perfect skills and performance still couldn't hope to overmatch them.
* On top of this you gain impenetrable plot armor oriented towards always giving you a chance to continue living. You will never face a situation that has absolutely zero chance of survival, and narrative causality will always twist just enough to explain why your body wasn't found, or your enemy chose to capture you instead of kill you, or how you survived an otherwise lethal wound, or how your crippling injuries were eventually healed, or suchlike. You can still suffer setbacks but you will always have a chance to recover and resume living your life the way you wish to.
* If you by some impossible mischance manage to overcome all of the above protections and get yourself killed anyway, you will return a while later with some kind of vague retcon for why that dead person wasn't really you or wasn't really dead.
* Even if you would normally age, you won't. You will remain in the prime of life for as long as you choose to. Narrative causality will guide you to an in-setting explanation for this if you wish, or simply have it be a thing that happens 'just because', or constantly retcon your birth date. Nobody will find that odd unless you wish them to.
* These anti-death protections can also be extended to those you deeply care for, your 'supporting cast' as it were, to a somewhat lesser extent than they protect you. Its not a perfect life if you're always alone.
* When you are finally ready to stop living and move on to what comes next, you will. This will only happen if you wish to do so while entirely in your right mind and with the utmost sincerity.

Essence of the Essential
By consuming this Essence you become an essential character to your own story, protected by narrative causality itself.

* You gain impenetrable plot armor oriented towards always giving you a chance to continue living and recover from your injuries. You will never face a situation that has absolutely zero chance of survival, and narrative causality will always twist just enough to explain why your body wasn't found, or your enemy chose to capture you instead of kill you, or how you survived an otherwise lethal wound, or how your crippling injuries were eventually healed, or suchlike.
* Should you be in a situation where recovery from a certain degree of injury is impossible, you will simply avoid being that gravely injured in the first place. You can still suffer setbacks -- your plot armor will take the line of least resistance whenever possible -- but you will always eventually end up resuming your life, unimpaired.
* If you by some impossible mischance manage to overcome all of the above protections and get yourself killed anyway, you will return a while later with some kind of vague retcon for why that dead person wasn't really you or wasn't really dead.
* Should you choose to, you will not age. You will remain in the prime of life for as long as you choose to, appearing at the age you choose to. Narrative causality will guide you to an "in-setting" explanation for this if you wish, or simply have it be a thing that happens 'just because'. People will not find this odd unless you wish them to.
* You will also gain a perfect memory with infinite storage and sufficient mental adaptation to endure immortality.
* When you are finally ready to stop living and move on to what comes next, you will. This will only happen if you wish to do so while entirely in your right mind and with the utmost sincerity.

Essence of Humanity Unchained
by cliffc999
By consuming this Essence you remove all limits on the Human Will and what it can eventually achieve, giving you the following benefits:
Regardless of whatever happens, you will always remain as "human" - in whatever sense of the word that means to you - as you desire to be.
As a physical baseline, you will receive a perfectly healthy human body of what you would consider ideal appearance. You start out at roughly fifty percent above peak human strength, above peak human toughness and speed, and with peak human senses. You will recover at least several times more rapidly than normal from any injury or illness that does not kill you outright.
Your intellectual baseline will likewise be increased so that you are a truly multi-faceted genius and at least as smart and talented as any human that has ever lived. You will be a true Renaissance man, able to apply the full force of your intellect to any or all fields of endeavor that might strike your fancy with equal ease.
If you would already be even theoretically capable of learning how to do something without the benefit of this Essence, whether it be a normal property of the setting or a unique power or ability you already possessed, then your ability to learn and develop that thing is now expanded exponentially. You can explore new modes of thought and new techniques, or learn how to experience new sensations, much more easily than those around you. You are a single-repetition learner for anything that others could teach you and when attempting to discover hidden depths of mastery within yourself or teach yourself then you will need at least two orders of magnitude less time than a 'normal' genius would.
Being Humanity Unchained means that you are zero risk of ever becoming overspecialized or trapped in an evolutionary dead end. No matter what you learn you can always choose to learn new things if you wish, even if people could not normally learn both. Likewise, you will always be capable of approaching new concepts without being unconsciously biased or constrained by what you already know and instead judging it fairly upon its merits.
As Humanity Unchained all limitations are lifted from your body, mind, and soul. No matter which quality of yours you are trying to improve, you will always find new ways to advance yourself a reasonable amount in a reasonable timeframe. Ultimately all it takes is you being willing to put in the effort, and you will always be able to muster sufficient willpower to be able to push yourself to improve or encourage others to do likewise.
Optional: Humanity Unchained is intended to be a harbinger of what all humans may one day become. You may with sufficient effort and example eventually help anyone for whom you had the responsibility of ruling, raising, training, or engineering to become Unchained themselves. Likewise, all of your genetic descendants will also be Unchained, and their descendants in turn, ad infinitum.

TroyX

Essence of the Phoenix
Drinking this imbues you with the nature of a phoenix.
*You gain eternal youth. If you are past your prime, you will instant de-age back to your prime.
*Your natural lifespan (unless you have a longer lifespan or immortality from another source) is 500 years.
*Whenever you die (whether naturally or otherwise), you will burst into flames (that will not harm anything except those hostile to you or your friends) and instantly be reborn, in your prime, with another full 500 years of natural lifespan ahead of you (or more, if you have a longer lifespan or immortality from another source)
*You can heal others with a touch. You can heal any wound in seconds, even regenerating wombs, and you can cure any illness, purge any venom, toxin, poison, etc. This same healing is always automatically applied to you, thus granting you a potent healing factor.
*You are immune to harm from fire
*You can generate flame that does not require oxygen to burn.
*You can control or extinguish any flame.

Essence of the Divine Spark
Drinking this imbues you with a spark of true divinity:

*You gain power from worshippers. If anyone acknowledges you in a positive fashion, you will get slight increases, but anyone who declares themselves your worshipper gives you more. A single worshipper still doesn't give you all that much power.
*The power you gain from worshippers increases all of your abilities, skills, and powers that you may have. Everything from physical strength to magic ability (if you have such).
*So long as at least one person worships you, you can never die. If you are somehow destroyed, you will respawn in a safe location within 24 hours.
*You may choose to hear prayers directed to you. You may use a trickle of your power, assuming you are sufficiently powerful, to answer their prayer, so long as an ability you have could implement your answer. No matter how many prayers you answer at once, it is never a drain on you.
*You may dedicate yourself to one or more "domains," to become a deity of something, but to do so you must already have some sort of connection to your chosen theme (such as being an expert swimmer or having water control powers, in order to become a deity of the ocean). Taking a domain allows you to influence anything that fits within its theme; the more worshippers you have, the more influence you can exert. For example, a god of the ocean with a handful of followers could give them all the ability to breathe underwater; whereas an ocean god with millions of worshippers could manipulate the entire Atlantic Ocean at once. In addition, the narrower the theme of your domain, the more control and power you have in it.

Essence of Oneself
Drinking this transforms you into your ideal self, as defined by your own wishes and desires.
*Your body changes to whatever physical form you most desire for yourself. This includes physical traits such as strength or agility.
*Your mind and emotions change to whatever mindset/psyche you most desire for yourself. You can opt to forgo these changes.
*Your intelligence is increased or decreased according to your innermost desire.
*You gain supernatural powers that you desire the most. These must be specific abilities, rather than any sort of generic 'do anything' powers.
*Your body and mind can never hereafter be altered against your will, in any way. Among other things, this renders you immortal, nearly invulnerable, and immune to mind control.
*Your powers can never be suppressed, copied, or stolen.

Essence of the Barbarian Lord
By drinking this Essence, you become the ultimate barbarian lord.
*Your body becomes well above peak human, bulging with muscle, and you grow to 7 feet in height, with commensurate muscular broadness. Your face becomes the picture of masculinity, while still being recognizably you if you wish.
*You gain unlimited stamina, strength sufficient to toss boulders with little effort, and speed able to outrun a galloping stallion.
*You have proficiency in all melee and ranged weapons, able to dual wield big weapons that each normally require two hands to use
*You become nigh-invulnerable to harm, so long as you are wearing very little (or even nothing). Bullets barely scratch you, and fate intervenes to protect you from damage beyond that level: somehow or another, you'll avoid truly threatening damage.
*Armies and servants flock to your banner, if and when you wish to be a king or warlord, and you shall be able to conquer vast territories with great ease.
*You are possessed of preternatural virility, with tremendous endowment (that magically fits in any sexual orifice with immense mutual pleasure) and amounts of seed. Sexy women shall flock to you, never intimidated by always awed and turned on by, lustily sleeping with you and (if you wish) bearing your progeny.

Essence of the Veil
Upon drinking this Essence, the Archdeity of Eternity deigns to bestow upon you the ability to drape any location you're in with a Veil.
*A Veil is a metaphysical thing, and isn't actually visible or tangible
*Draping a location with a Veil is as easy as willing it so. You can drape a location as large as a planet at once. You can undrape any Veil you set in place, either fully or partially as you desire, by willing it so and being within it.
*Any location draped by a Veil prevents any non-mundane thing from working without your permission. This applies to everything from minor magical charms, to alien teleporters, all the way up to R.O.B.s' omnipotence.
*Any Veils you place last indefinitely unless and until you remove them. You can set a timer on any Veil you place if you wish.

Essence of Christmas
*You radiate an aura that makes people generally more generous, good-willed, and magnanimous. This aura is as large as a city. You can set down indefinite copies of auras anywhere you please, to persist after you leave.
*You can cause it to snow, which will never ice roads or cause dangerous conditions, but will perfectly ice ponds and work for skiing, sledding, and other outdoor winter actitivies.
*You can instantly decorate a building or area with Christmas decorations, which appear out of thin air. (Things such as lights will be powered magically.)
*You may bestow blessings of minor luck on others with a touch, but for someone to receive this blessing, they must have been kind to you, or to others in your presence. You can stack multiple blessings on the same person, but you can only bless them once per act of kindness to you or in your presence. While you can't bestow this on yourself, you will live a charmed life regardless.
*On major holidays, you can spontaneously create a magical feast for one family of your choice (per major holiday). You can choose a different family per holiday if you want, and it doesn't have to be the same family on each year, but it can be. The feast will be filling, nutritious and delicious. You may partake if the family invites you to eat with them.
*You can conjure Christmasy scents, such as pine, at will, to fill up a room or small area.
*Any of your money that you give away in order to help someone, you will get back (sometimes with interest!) within a week or so. (This counts if you spend the money in order to buy a gift for someone too.)
*Once per year, you may heal any one person you touch of all their afflictions, even terminal illnesses, and grant them a great amount of vigor. At any time, you may heal someone with a touch so long as they are very kind or very loved.
*You may share copies of any or all of these Christmas Essence abilities, via touch, with anyone with whom you are at least good friends.

OverReactionGuy

Essence of Evolution
Drinking this imbues you with the power of the ever evolving ultimate life form.
-Adaptive evolution Counter(What doesn't kill you makes you stronger) You're body will adapt and evolve, whether from extreme environments or getting cut by something sharp, your body will make it's counter.
-Adaptive evolution Death(What does kill you makes you stronger)If something manages too get past your counter and "kill" you, you will become immune to whatever killed you.
-Adaptive evolution Consumption(It taste like chicken they say) Eating something will allow you to store or gain their traits for your evolution.
-Adaptive evolution Guided(Sometimes you need to take fate by your own hands) It would take longer but you can enter a state of change where you guide what evolution you want to take place without being exposed to danger or killed.

Essence of the Genie
Become the Dijin

+Your body is now basically made of formless smoke that you can shape at will, whether it's to become corporal or not.
+You have phenomenal cosmic power, enough to warp reality and grant wishes. Genie generally follow three rules though when granting wishes. No wishing for more wishes, No bringing back the dead, No messing with free will. It's up to you if you decide to follow them but be warned. For all a genies cosmic might, a lot of them still ended up sealed.
+You may create a magical artifact to inhabit and wait for unassuming mortals to rub it, granting them master status.
+You may twist your master's wishes into monkey's paws if you wish as long as you grant the spirit of them, if not the actual literal meanings.
+You are ageless and immortal, the passing of a thousand years is just like a single day in regarding your memories.
+You do not need to eat, have bowel movements or even sleep if it wasn't obvious.
+You can have half genie children if that is your thing. Whether or not they become a hero though is up to them.

Essence of lewdness
+You may change your sexuality at will.
+You may change your gender at will. (Male, female, or futa if you want but you work out how that works exactly)
+Your body is changed into your ideal sexyness for when you're either gender.
+You operate under porn logic. (Things like instant thoroughly clean and lube assholes before anal sex, taking 20 inch dicks with no problem and shit like that.)
+You're always clean as if you just got out of a shower and B.O is eliminated with the mess slides right off you. (Individual parts may be toggled off, like for example you want some mess to stay on you. Also this works internally so you no longer need to brush your teeth or worry about bad breath.)
+Any hole you penetrate or are penetrated in always act as it's the perfect fit to give you maximum pleasure and no pain.
+STDs don't exist(Porn logic covers this, but thought I'd double down.)
+You and your partners you're having sex with no longer have a refractory and can keep going and going and going in you want to or you get unconscious from pleasure overlord or something. *shrugs*
+If you happen to be able to travel worlds, you can toggle porn logic to work for everyone in the entire world. You know what that leads to. You can also decide the intensity of said porn logic, like pick something between it only working in the bedroom and sex or constant city wide orgy sex zombies. (Also works if you can't travel worlds)
+You always have knowledge how to create the best sex toys, and sexual enhancers in any technology level. So if you for example can go to different worlds, this scales with their technology level, even works if they use magitech too.
+You always know how to create the maximum pleasure for any sexual encounter you have for both parties or just yourself if you don't care for the other person.
+You can edge someone perfectly without worrying about them accidentally having an orgasm without your say so if you're into this.
+You control your own fertility.
+Your enjoyment of sex will never decrease.
+You can summon basic sex toys- ropes, handcuffs, dildos, gags, candles, clamps, clothespins, etc - that only exist as long as they are being used for sex. Meaning they disappear right after sex. No mess no fuss.
+You gain a presence that draws people who want to fuck you or you want to fuck to you(Can be explained away as ridiculous charisma, pheromones, ect) that you control the intensity of by will. Either turning it off to "oh god why does the entire city want to rape you".

Essence of the Musical Entertainer
Become the bard or dancer.
+one time change into your ideal version of a guy or girl. You pick only one option.
+Your voice is always the perfect pitch.
+You gain the body and endurance of a top dancer that will never suffer with age.
+You gain a musical sense that would allow you to write songs that would make all the great song composers green with envy.
+You may change your clothing into any design at will and mentally save several of them to be stage costumes for easy access. Like if you're an idol singer and want to wear something cute and flashy while being a horrible tease.
+At will you may generate the sounds of a musical instrument or summon them.
+Your voice gains an enhancing quality to it that draws people in and you may use this to plan subliminal messages in their minds, make them cry from raw emotion, or other things. This can of course be toggled off and on. (This is based off of Aya Asia from nougami neuro so look her up to give the jist at what I was going for with this.)
+You have a very enhanced learning rate when it comes to anything related to song and dance and music. (Like song magic from Ar Tonelico if you happen to go to that universe if you can)
+You age very gracefully and all negative effects of old age are lessened greatly if not outright gone.
+You have the charisma to be a world class Idol.

Essence of the mahou shoujo
A sparkling pink essence appeared in front of you...should you drink it?

By drinking this essence you gain the following.

A body of a young girl in between the ages of 8 to 16 that will never grow old and is always filled with youthful energy.
A sparkling nude transformation that takes like five minutes to complete but only like 30 seconds in the real world.
An elemental type ranging from classic elements like fire, water, air, and earth to other elements like light, darkness.
In the face of adversity you have incredible willpower to always stand up when getting knocked down. This does not help you with your homework.
You are very good at adapting your magic element to do different things. From using the element of water to heal people or using the element of electricity to stab people with iron sand chainsaws.
You get a magical costume that is color coded generally to your element and your hair can change to be the same color as well if you want.
You can purify corrupted things and heal curses.
Your presence inspires hope in every ally.
If you require allies, little girls will periodically suddenly become magical girls just like you. This obviously can be toggled on and off.
When hope is at it's bleakest, despair is at it's greatest heights, you will gain access to a super form that will be at first draining but would generally allow you to win the day. It is possible to unlock multiple super forms until you practically have infinite mahou shoujo power. Each more frilly than the last.

Setting essences

Essence of the Force
Become the force

+You're a force conduit, what that means is you're literally the source of the force whether good or bad. You may start off as weak first, but given time you will be the most powerful force user to ever exist. Whether for good or bad.
+You're immortal(ageless), the passing of time means nothing to you.
+You may shapeshift into an animal form, this can be mythical creatures like gryphon or not. Likely based on yourself and personality.
+As the force conduit, you are the force thus there is no dark side or light side. You are both and neither. Shooting purple lightning from your hands does not make you evil, kicking puppies and stealing candy from babies does.
+You may give others a connection to the force, but whatever they do with it is on their hands.
+You may also take away any connection of the force you give and if you happen to be able to travel worlds and go to a Star Wars universe, you can do this there too, entirely nonlethal unless you want it to be lethal.
+If you die you will still exist as a force ghost or the literal will of the force. You may recreate your body at some time afterwards.

Essence of DETERMINATION
Looking at your computer screen makes you determined.

+You gain DETERMINATION, as long as you are determined to do something you are more like a force of reality given shape and form.
+You receive control over time, sorta like if you were in a videogame. Allowing you to make SAVE points, RESET time completely, and maybe even PAUSE time.
+As your EXP increases and LOVE rises, your rampant bloodlust will allow you to kill anything if you are DETERMINED to do it. It also makes you much harder to put down.
+You can never die if you stay DETERMINED, you would instead choose a SAVE point to go back to and try, try, try, try, try again or give up and RESET the timeline.

Essence of the First Person Shooter Protagonist
Be the first person shooter guy!

+You get a weapon wheel to put weapons and guns in with around 12 slots that you can switch between near instantaneously at will.
+You have a separate demolitions slot that fits in things that go boom. Like frag grenades.
+You have insane aim to the point where you could no scope head shot a guy while spinning 360 degrees miles away.
+Your bullet's trajectory aren't effected by gravity or air resistance or even water.
+You can crouch behind a chest high wall to regenerate to full health within minutes.
+Your body is incredibly fit but only stretching the limits of the human body instead of going past.
+Ammo appears to just be laying around whenever you care to look along with first aid kits to heal yourself along with your choice in explosives.
+You have unlimited stamina and don't need to sleep or eat.
+Cover will always protect you from projectiles until it's blown away, even from explosions like rockets.
+Your guns will never jam and don't need cleaning.
+Even life threatening injuries or lost limbs can be healed via the first aid kits.
+You're an expert at tbagging people.

Essence of the Isekai Hero
By drinking this you transmigrate to another world!
-One time change for your entire body, how it looks everything including changing your sex if you wish as that is common in isekai's. Optionally you may be reborn in the isekai you've chosen but you would look similar to the parents you've chosen only with their best genes to avoid unnecessary drama.
-All of your mental illnesses or sickness are cured this one time and the drama of leaving behind everyone you knew and loved is severely lessened.
-You only gain an muscled appearance if you want to when working out, but otherwise you're stuck with the body you chosen before making it very easy to stay in shape.
-If your Isekai world has a class system yours will be Hero, boasting the highest stat gains and growth rate possible while allowing you to learn and use all magic.
-If your isekai world doesn't have a class system you can still use all magic and your gains are noticeably higher than the average human.
-Despite all the above as if getting a helping boost by a friendly god you are now x3 captain America with a very good memory and recall but not perfect.
-You have absurd luck, able to get into events that could prove very advantages towards your goals and you will never die unheroically via mundane means as if the world wants to keep you around until the plot deems your death necessary.
-Optionally you gain access to the Hero BBS board with all that entails and yes...this means that the isekai world you chose can be reached by them if they can dimensionaly travel that is.
Kinglugia 
Essence of the Ideal Self
Drinking this transforms you into your ideal self, as defined by your own wishes and desires.
Your body changes to whatever physical form you most desire for yourself. This includes gaining physical traits such as strength or agility, up to peak human level. This includes a free, one-time cosmetic body resculpt to your ideal or desired appearance.
Your mind and emotions change to whatever mindset/psyche you most desire for yourself. You can opt to forgo these changes.
A one-time full cure of whatever ailments, whether physical, mental, or spiritual, that currently plagues you, and any new ailments of the body, mind, or soul will be prevented from occurring.
Your intelligence is increased or decreased according to your innermost desire. As 'intelligence' is rather hard to quantify, the maximum you may gain is the equivalent of gaining +16 IQ points on a scale with a standard deviation of 16.
You gain up to three supernatural powers that you desire the most. These must be specific abilities, rather than any sort of generic 'do anything' powers.
Your body, mind, and soul can never hereafter be altered against your will, in any way. Among other things, this renders you immortal, nearly invulnerable, and immune to mind control.
Your powers and internal power supplies cannot be drained, suppressed, weakened, stolen, copied, altered, controlled, or otherwise manipulated against your will.
You also have the ability to turn any of your powers from fully off to fully on, or anywhere in between, and you cannot be forced to use this metaphorical dimmer-switch against your will.
You will never end up worse off than when you started, as this Elixir will protect you from the negative aspects of your own subconsciousness.

Essence of the Involate Self
Drinking this essence confers you the blessing of inviolability of the body, mind, and soul:
You now no longer need to eat, drink, breathe, produce human waste, or sleep, and are immune to the harmful effects of radiation alongside extreme environments ranging from the bottom of the ocean to the vacuum of space.
Total immunity to all forms of poison, sickness, or disease, mundane or otherwise. Any existing ailments of physical, mental, or spiritual nature that plagues you will be completely cured upon drinking this essence.
You are biologically immortal and utterly tireless, possessing unlimited stamina - you will be be aged/reverted to your physical prime, but no longer age further.
Infinite willpower to keep going through any amount of hardship; even bloody and broken you will not stop, and you will forevermore be protected from the effects of despair, boredom, ennui, etc., that will make living forever a pain in the ass.
Your freedom is also inviolate, protecting you from being imprisoned, incapacitated, trapped, bound, sealed, etc. against your will, automatically freeing you from such situations and teleporting you to the nearest safe location.
You are completely immune to any attempt to forcefully change, control, or manipulate your body, mind, and soul against your will in any fashion no matter what method is attempted or used. Those that use supernaturally boosted persuasion are equally stymied, being forced to rely on simple mundane arguments against you as anything beyond that flatly fails to work. You are also immune to memetic effects or the maddening effects of eldritch beings or phenomena.
Your soul cannot be targeted as a vector of attack - the only thing you are still vulnerable to will be actual physical violence, if such things can cause damage to you.
No Oracles or any other form of precognition can account for you, ever. Any predictions that are made will be made without taking you in account, and if seeking you out directly, all they get is static. In addition, you are not bound by fate anymore; your destiny is only what you make of it. This extends to the point that people and events that are deemed unstoppable or even unkillable, just because they are destined to, can be killed by you permanently.
You are also immune to reality warping shenanigans, such as being caught in time paradoxes, time stops, not existing due to someone killing your mother when she's pregnant with you, etc. - your very existence is inviolate.
Note: You can still be injured or killed through direct physical damage, if such things are capable of damaging you; all this Essence does is preventing your body, mind, and soul from being affected by other forces without your consent.

Essence of the Superhuman
By imbibing this Essence, the crystallization of one's desire to gain superpowers, so too, will you become greater. Gain the following boons:
A free, one-time cosmetic body resculpt to your ideal or desired appearance. For some reason those with superpowers often have the incredibly good looks that comic heroes have.
A one-time full cure of whatever ailments, whether physical, mental, or spiritual, that currently plagues you, and any new ailments of the body, mind, or soul will be prevented from occurring. Includes things such as near/farsightedness, genetic diseases, etc.
You are also now a potent athlete, with strength, speed, reflexes, and endurance rivaling Olympic champions, with the will and resolve to keep going through any amount of hardship; even bloody and broken you will not stop.
You also gain a perfect memory with infinite storage and instant recall with superb indexing.
Aside from those shown above, you may gain a single supernatural power that you desire the most. These must be specific abilities, rather than any sort of generic 'do anything' or 'do everything' powers.
This also includes the often implied but never stated ability to have to have your powers work in ways that won’t hurt or adversely affect you or things you use your powers on.
Your chosen power can consist of a grab bag of powers, as long as they follow a theme of sorts, and do not number more than a dozen. Things such as "Flying Brick", "Hulking Brute", or an "Aquatic Hero" packages, for example.
... No, that does not mean you can grab Flying Brick, Hulking Brute, and Aquatic Hero as a single package.
... No Eidolon either, you dope!

Essence of the Super Soldier
By partaking of this essence, you are turned into an enhanced human - a super-soldier, if you will. Thus you gain the following boons:
A free, one-time cosmetic body resculpt to your ideal or desired appearance, skewing towards a tall and athletic look.
A one-time full cure of whatever ailments, whether physical, mental, or spiritual, that currently plagues you, and any new ailments of the body, mind, or soul will be prevented from occurring. This includes things such as near/farsightedness, genetic diseases, etc.
You gain immunity to all diseases, poisons and venom, and the ability to consume anything that isn't actually poisonous or indigestible by your metabolism without any problems.
Your physical attributes are now enhanced, putting you around several times stronger, faster, and more enduring than record-breaking Olympic athletes.
You also gain a perfect memory with infinite storage and instant recall with superb indexing. Your processing speed also becomes faster, allowing you to read novels from cover to cover within minutes.
Your mind has also been enhanced, able to resist hostile mental influence, with the will and resolve to back it up, allowing you to keep going through any amount of hardship; even bloody and broken you will not stop.
Your reflexes, awareness, balance, and hand-eye coordination are similarly enhanced to superhuman levels, to the point you have a mild combat precognition and danger sense. With your enhanced thought processing speed, the world might as well be in bullet time if you wish to.
You gain a very potent healing factor, able to regenerate to full health so long as a single drop of blood remains. You can now live for centuries as a perpetually 20-something super soldier, provided you do not die before then.
Innately gain the kind of skill, abilities, training, and psyche a professional soldier possesses, without negative changes to your personality and/or mental health. You may choose which military branch your... download (?) is primarily from, or all of them if you wish. Oh, and you can keep your cool in all forms of stressful situations.
Skills, stats, and abilities gained from this serum, and those you pick up in the future, will never degrade due to lack of training or the passage of time.
You gain the charisma of a natural leader, able to motivate people and keeping up morale. Potency is amplified several-fold when leading a squad of people into a (potentially) stressful situation.
Abilities granted by this essence can be inherited by your offspring, and you can select what abilities they will gain, their potency, and how/when they will manifest at the time of conception.

Essence of the Slayer
By drinking this Essence, you gain the capabilities of those who hunt and slay the terrors of the Moonlit World:
A free, one-time cosmetic body resculpt to your ideal or desired appearance.
A one-time full cure of whatever ailments, whether physical, mental, or spiritual, that currently plagues you, and any new ailments of the body, mind, or soul will be prevented from occurring. This includes things such as near/farsightedness, genetic diseases, etc.
You gain an immunity to all mundane diseases, poisons and venom, as well as a high resistance towards being turned/converted into a creature of the night. Only those at the levels of an elder would be able to turn you into one of their kind, and even then would need to somehow immobilize you and perform hour-long foul rituals.
This resistance also extends to supernatural influence that such beings would employ against their prey. This includes curses, hexes, and other forms of dark magic employed against you.
You are endowed with strength, speed, and endurance that rivals Olympic gold medalists, your athletic feats able to easily break world records, with the will and resolve that allows you to keep going through any amount of hardship.
Your mind has been enhanced, gaining a retroactive perfect memory with infinite storage and instant recall with superb indexing. Your thought processing speed also becomes faster, allowing you to read novels from cover to cover within minutes.
Your reflexes, awareness, balance, and hand-eye coordination are enhanced to superhuman levels, to the point you have a mild combat precognition and danger sense.
You gain the ability to heal at a vastly accelerated rate, mending broken bones in hours and regenerating lost limbs in a day. Getting decapitated will still outright kill you, for now that is.
Your lifespan, provided that you do not die in battle, have been extended by several decades. Until your hourglass empties, you will always retain your skill, stats, and abilities obtained from this Essence or pick up in the future, never degrading from disuse. Your apparent age will also be set to the prime of your life.
You gain a high amount of innate knowledge of things that go bump in the night, a professional scholar when it comes to the beings of night that prey upon humanity.
Innately gain the kind of skill, abilities, training, and psyche that members of well-funded private military contractors have undergone, without negative changes to your personality and/or mental health. In addition, you can keep your cool in all forms of stressful situations.
You can render most forms of supernatural and biological immortality invalid, making the immortal mortal. This also allows you to permanently put down what you intentionally kill - not even the remnants of your quarries will turn into wraiths.
Yes, you can even kill spirits and even gods with this ability. Just make sure you're strong enough to do so.
However, all the above pale to the last ability those who imbibe this Essence will possess. Unlike traditional Slayers and Hunters, those empowered by this Essence will be able to draw upon the strength of slain opponents, each life (or un-life) taken granting you more time on the mortal plane:
Ordinary mortals, combatants and civilians alike will grant moments - minutes, at best.
Those who affiliate with the supernatural, such as cultists and collaborators granting weeks.
Slaying monsters and/or witches, however, will grant additional years to your life, a decade, at the very least.
In addition to extending your lifespan through taking lives, you also grow stronger from the enemies you kill, improving existing powers and even developing new ones thematically based on those you have felled.

Essence of the Self
Drinking this transforms you into your ideal self, as defined by your own wishes and desires, without feeling like you became too overpowered.
At the time you consume this Essence you immediately win the genetic lottery, increasing all your stats, hereby defined as Strength, Dexterity, Constitution, Intelligence, Wisdom, Charisma, and Luck, to peak racial maximum, and will not deteriorate from that state whether through old age or disuse.
Any physical and mental health problems or defects currently plaguing you will be removed, with any new instances of such prevented from occurring.
Your diligence and willpower is boosted, making you more driven and motivated, as it purges excessive indolence and procrastination. That is to say while you still value relaxing and chilling out, you wouldn't put something off if it's important.
You gain a retroactive perfect memory with instant recall, unlimited storage, tamper-proofing, perfect indexing, and protection from any form of harmful memory. For some reason, you are able to improve yourself thrice as fast.
You become perfectly capable of using powers, abilities, techniques, etc. without any adverse effects. This ranges from not suffering from Taint-buildup as an Aberrant Nova, able to swim as a Devil Fruit user, or being immune to the Great Curse as a regular Exalt. This includes usage of mutually contradictory abilities, so you can also eat multiple Devil Fruits, or drink more than one Cauldron Vial, without dying or horribly mutating.
You are completely immune to any attempt to forcefully change, control, or manipulate your very being against your will in any fashion no matter what method is attempted or used. This also includes supernatural persuasion, memetic or eldritch effects, and reality warping shenanigans. The only things that can negatively affect you are direct brute force and threats to those you care for. Take note. You. Are. Not. Invulnerable.
Any powers and internal power supplies you possess cannot be drained, suppressed, weakened, stolen, copied, altered, controlled, or otherwise manipulated against your will.
You will never end up worse off than when you started, as this Elixir will protect you from the negative aspects of your own subconsciousness.

Essence of the Falna
By drinking this essence, you become marked by divinity, potentially capable of performing heroic feats.
A mystic tattoo appears on your back, its design your own choosing. This displays your Status, made up from Basic Abilities, Development Abilities, Magic, Skills, and your overall Level. This tattoo can be made to fade; no methods whatsoever will force your Status to reveal itself without permission. Unlike others who possess the Falna, yours can be automatically updated at will, placing you in a brief trance upon so.
Gain the opportunity to rebuild your body the way you want; regardless your mind, body, and soul will be ready and fit for adventure. Stats, abilities, etc., will not degrade from lack of use or old age, and your Falna can never be stripped away.
Immense willpower to keep you going through hardship, yet retaining a flexible mind, open to new ideas. You also have an equally unbreakable spirit that never gives in to despair and immune to any form of corruption.
You now possess a retroactive eidetic memory with instant recall, unlimited storage, tamper-proofing, perfect indexing, and protection from any form of harmful memories.
You gain the basic skills and knowledge required for an Adventurer of Orario. In addition, you will find yourself a natural prodigy in any skills related to adventuring and dungeoneering.
Gain three 'Cheats' to be distributed between Skills and Magic in however ways you see fit, as well as the knowledge and skill to use them. In addition, you will have a higher chance to develop new Skills and Magic. Standard limitations for Magic will still apply. Any adverse drawbacks from using relevant abilities are instead long-lasting for you; if you are required to sacrifice an eye, it will regain functionality a month later.
If you actually find yourself in the Danmachi setting, you may pick a God and events will conspire for you to become a member of their Familia; only then will your falna be obtained. If you were instead reincarnated, the 'Cheats' and quality of life improvements will still be there, albeit 'muted' to 1% of their potency in the case of the former until you receive your falna.
You are also made aware of any mental illness, disorders, disabilities or other conditions you may be suffering from and may have any or all of them cured at your discretion. You become as physically fit as any average healthy athletic person would be or remain at your current level of physical fitness, whichever is higher. You gain full control over your fertility and/or menstrual cycle. This effect is applied prior to receiving the falna.

Essence of the Battle Spirit
By drinking this swirling blue-hued silver essence, your innate battle spirit awakens, turning you into a Spirit Master.
Choose a... something; be it animal, plant, object, food, etc. Your battle spirit manifests as this something, the nature of their manifestation varies on a case-by-case basis; while a bear might cause you to hulk out, a hammer will just manifest on your hand.
In case you ended up in the world of Douluo Dalu, you will start out as a 10 on the scale from 1 to 99 (100). You MAY of course, have yourself isekai'd to that land, in any era you wish, with whatever background you wish.
You may cultivate spirit energy, an ethereal substance that nourishes your mind, body, and soul. This gradually empowers you to become superhuman, and beyond. Yes, this can also eventually give you retroactive perfect memory.
You will instinctually know / understand the most compatible method to cultivate your battle spirit, without risking Deviation or requiring fucked up methods (such as consuming live babies).
This also allows you to instinctually learn / research methods that best complement your cultivation style - such as drawing upon the surrounding light and water to better nourish your plant-based battle spirit, or inhaling a mixture of spices for a food-based battle spirit.
You will also gain a sort of plot armor that grants you opportunities (which you can intuit as genuine) to further your cultivation, in terms of foundation, supplemental abilities, etc. Please grasp it firmly, however, for you still need to pursue such leads.
You may, through intensive, closed-doors cultivation, create your own personal Spirit Ring - ethereal channels used to perform spirit abilities, aka special moves based on your own battle spirit. Up to nine such rings may be obtained, in intervals of 10 ranks, starting at rank 10 and ending at rank 90.
These spirit rings are unique to you, as you can further cultivate them, evolving them beyond their current tier. The higher the tier - White, Yellow, Purple, Black, and Red - the more difficult it is to raise them.
These aspects are unique only to you, so please do not reveal this to people you do not fully trust. Actually, it's better if you don't reveal this ability at all, unless you want to get dissected by unscrupulous individuals.
You may also condense your own spirit bones, highly rare relics in which the original method to obtain them requires a lot of luck and strength. TL;DR, you kill dangerous murder-beasts, some of which are sentient or sapient. This is the same for the usual method of obtaining spirit rings.
Spirit bones, like spirit rings, will bestow you new spirit abilities. Unlike spirit rings, they are more material, and thus will nourish the body parts they are absorbed (in your case, condensed) into.
Six most common spirit bones exist - Head, Torso, and your four Limbs. There exists spirit bones that can be grafted (condensed) into other parts, such as the Vertebrae / Ribs, Palms, or even the Penile Bone in one hilarious (not) case.
Unlike regular spirit bones, in which their tiers (same as rings) are determined at the moment of collection, spirit bones you condense will grow in potency as you live.
You will also gain the intuition to develop your own spirit abilities through your connection with your battle spirit, independent from those granted by spirit rings and bones. These will best compliment your style, whether as a frontline fighter or a backline support (healer).
Should you manage to cultivate to pinnacle rank for mortals (aka rank 99), your plot armor will provide you opportunities to pursue immortality, in which divinity is the most common, though there exists other methods for you to become immortal. This depends on the nature of your battle spirit.

Zediekiel

Essence of the Broker
You become a master of contracts and legalize
You may easily compose long, intricate and ironclad contracts as easily as breathing, containing or closing any loophole you wish.
If you so desire, you may conjure these contracts out of nothingness and dismiss them to a pocket dimension only you have access to.
You instantly become aware of any loophole or wording which may have positive or negative repercussions in any deal you are aware of
Anyone who agrees to a deal with you or one that you broker, whether by handshake, signing a contract or verbal agreement, must follow through with it.
You may set it so that those who agree are compelled to carry out the contract, establish penalty clauses should they fail to fulfill their obligations, or forgive their debts.
Agreements you make may range from the exchange of goods and services, to the transfer of things which are normally impossible to exchange
So long as the parties of a deal possesses ownership of something, you may "trade" or "broker" a deal for it, instantly transferring it to the appropriate party.
This allows you to broker the exchange of kingdoms, landmasses and marriages so long as they are owned, and extends to more esoteric traits like years of life, memories or supernatural abilities and powers.
You may choose to store anything obtained as a result of a contract, in said contract without it being dispersed to anyone.
If you so chose, the person who previously possessed it loses access to it, and it remains in the contract until a relevant party signs for it.
Signing these contracts may subject the person to any clauses and obligation you have embedded within it.
While the subjects of trades must do so of their own free will, doing so under coercion is still free will.

Essence of the Portalmaster
You gain mastery of portals.
You are instantly aware of where any given portal leads, the conditions on the other side of it, who created it, how it was created, how to recreate it and how to collapse it, both safely and maliciously.
You gain an intuitive knowledge of the surrounding multiverse, and can move into spaces both real and imagined.
You will adapt to any reality or place you enter and are able to survive there as easily and with as little harm to the world itself as any native.
You may create portals anywhere you can imagine with but a thought, or reflexively if you are in danger.
The portals may lead anywhere you can conceive of. This may be the other side of a planet, across the universe, another dimension, or the mind-scapes of other sentient beings.
You may "stick" these portals on any surface, cause them to remain in the air and move them at your will.
These portals may take any dimensions you wish, ranging from flat planes, to wormholes, to three and even fourth dimensional objects.
Likewise you may alter your portals as you please, changing their shape or size and moving them as you please and altering their destination at will.
Once you open a portal, it lasts as long as you desire, remaining open only temporarily, opening and closing intermittently, or staying permanently where it was placed.
You may alter the permeability of the portals, allowing you to perceive the other side without risk of environmental hazards or detection
Alternatively you may allow the external environment to permeate and impart all its hazards and even gravitational force through the portal you create.
You may chose what occurs whenever a portal closes, whether it leaves a perfect cut, warps space around the target in strange alien ways or shunts the interference from one side to the other is up to you.
Likewise interactions around the edges of your portals are also at your discretion in much the same manner that things occur when portals are closed.
Jus4532

Essence of the Gacha
You have the ability to randomly get one item, or person of importance in fiction per roll.
These things will always appear on cards and can be summon out of it. However they can’t revert back into cards once done.
You have access to a list where it details every single cards, and options in order to narrow down searches.
Cards can increase the strength of a summon item or person, however these cards will be destroyed in the process. This increase is determined by the rarity of the card.
The rarity of cards are determine by the strength and the importance of the being or item.
Items that are summoned through the gatcha will always work no matter what universe you are in, and can never be used against you in any way. These items are always in perfect condition, and will not degrade in any way. They can only be used by you, and the only way for anyone else to use them is that they must have direct permission from you. These items are summonable and will appear by your side no matter what. Items that require things such a energy sources or ammunition will have infinite amount of them, however you can’t siphon or use them for any other way.
People that are summon through the gatcha will always be loyal to you, no matter what their personality or alignment is and can’t negatively effect, hurt or kill you in any way. If they are ever killed or injured, they will immediately be restored back into full health after the battle is done and return to your side. They can disobey orders that they don’t like so as long as these order doesn’t directly involve you in any way.
You will have a bond relationship with the people you summon and can check anytime what level the relationship is at. Bond relationships start at 0, which means that you are strangers to them, and end with 10, which means that the person is completely in love with you and will do anything for you. Anybody summon through the gatcha will have a bond relationship of 0. By spending time with them, you can quickly increase your relationship with them to a 10.
You get 1 gatcha point per day. You can get more gatcha points by paying the equivalent of 1 dollar for 1 gatcha point. However, there is a limit to that as you can only spend the equivalent of 100 dollars per month. Don’t want you developing a problem.
You have three modes in the gatcha. The first mode is where you have two options to spend your gatcha points: you can spend 3 gatcha points which will always gives you a 3 star card or have the chance to get a 4 or higher star card, or you can spend 30 gatcha points which will give you 10 cards, guaranteed to get at least one 3 or higher star person and one 4 or higher star card, however at the beginning you just limited to getting 3 to 5 star cards. This limitation will gradually disappear as you use the gatcha. The second mode allow you to get 10 cards for free once per day, however you are limited to 1 through 3 star cards. The third is an alternate mode of the first one, where you can items and people that exist in the universe you are, however you must pay 6 or 60 gatcha points to summon the cards instead of the 3 or 30 you would normally pay in the first mode, must face the same limitation as the first mode, and can only cards that exist in that universe. This mode can only work if the universe you are in have 4 to higher star cards that are based on the items and people in it.
You can decide on how this Essence manifest.

Essence of Jumpchain:

Upon drinking this Essence, you have gain the ability to choose any origin, perks, and items that exist in Jumpchain.

You have 5000 CP, and you can buy anything in Jumpchain at a discount.

Things that cost 100 or less CP are not free and are discounted. Anything that is offered for free cost 100 CP, which is discounted to 50 CP.

Getting a origin will not further discount any perks or items that relates to it.

You can take any drawbacks up to +2000 CP from any jumps to get more CP, and these drawbacks will disappear after 10 years.

You also have the ability to jump to any settings that exist in Jumpchain.

Essence of the Demiurge
By drinking this Essence, you have the ability to shape creation itself within 100 meters from yourself.
Within your area, you have what many people would consider to be omnipotence, or at least something close to it. You can create any item in existence, resurrect the dead, reverse entropy itself, give out blessings and curses to any individual, and etc. You can decide if these things are permanent or not once they leave your field.
Within your area, your power is absolute. Your ability to warp reality is second to none. The only being that surpass you is the Arch-deity itself.
The range of your field is absolute, so you can’t increase the range in any way. Trying to increase your size through this Essence alone will not increase your range and it’ll actually decrease the space you can work with.
You can’t create beings, items, or places that goes over your range.
You can’t directly effect things outside your field. You can only effect things that exist in your range. You can, however, indirectly effect the world, like giving yourself infinite strength and destroying a planet by punching it, create a machine with infinite mass and using it to crush a moon, or shooting out laser beams with the intensity of the sun and scorching everything.
If a part of a being enters your field, the entire being will be subjected to your powers.
You can not give out copies of this power nor can you create powers that goes over the 100 meter. You can copy, steal, and transfer powers that goes over 100 meter, but you can’t create.

Essence of the Omnitrix
By drinking this essence, you have been bonded with the Omnitrix, a watch-like device that has appeared on your wrist of your choice. This device allows you to transform into different sentient species.
The Omnitrix can never be removed from you unless you desire it, and can’t be used by anyone but you. It is impossible to reverse engineer and can never be shut down or malfunction. If the Omnitrix is broken or stolen, it will instantly appear on your wrist after a couple of seconds.
This Omnitrix contains all of the function of the different versions of the Omnitrix that appeared in the Ben 10 series such as its GPS, voice commands, and universal translator. You have full knowledge on all of the functions of the Omnitrix.
The Omnitrix contain every single sentient alien species that has exists in Ben 10, both the classic and the reboot series.
Optionally, you may start out with Master Control, which allows that lets you instantly change into any alien beings with a thought, doesn’t have any cool down timer and can stay in an alien form for an unlimited amount of time. If you do not want Master Control, you will instead use its default mode, where you would have to manually choose the alien you desire by pushing in and then rotating the hourglass dial on the middle of the device. The alien form will appear either on the hourglass or emitting from it like a hologram. You have 30 minutes to stay in an alien form. You can switch to different alien forms by touching the dial, which will always appear on the alien form, and thinking of the alien form you want. The dial can appear on anywhere on the body so as long as it is easily reachable. The combined time for changes can not be more than 30 minutes. Once 30 minutes have passed, you will instantly turn back into your original form and will have to wait 10 minutes for the Omnitrix to recharge. You will gain Master Control through continuous use of the Omnitrix. You can decide how long that’ll take.
The Omnitrix, when in a presence of a being whose DNA isn’t stored in the watch, will immediately scan them. The only restriction is that the being must be sentient and have DNA. Once scanned and stored, the Omnitrix will turned the alien form into the prime specimen of their species; Basically, making them the Captain America of their race. The scanned being will be one of the most powerful members of that race, to the point where beings of the same race with years of experience and trained power will lose to the Omnitrix version of it. For example, if you were scan a random devil from Highschool DxD, the Omnitrix version of it will be powerful enough to beat any one of the Satans in single combat, assuming the Satan doesn’t use any items, sacred gears, and outside help.
The Omnitrix life support system will also give out specific items to make sure that either the user or surrounding won’t suffer and can function properly such as creating a radiation suit for a nuclear alien form from having their radiation spill out to their surrounding and everyone in it. They will also give out clothing to your forms so you won’t have to worry about going naked in your alien forms.
Your Omnitrix can also give your alien forms more power through the evolutionary function, where your alien forms can evolve, given new powers and functions. This is done by placing the alien race through a simulation where they are faced with a “worst case scenario” for about a million years or so, and having the actual DNA match with the modified one from the simulation. You do not have to warry about the Ultimate Form coming alive, escaping the Omnitrix, and trying to kill you. To access this function, you must twist and tap the Omnitrix symbol that is on the alien form.
You can repair, change, manipulate, and reprogram DNA through the Omnitrix. You can make half-breeds such as making a full DNA human into a half Celestialsapien and Half Human.
The Omnitrix will instantly transform you if you are ever in mortal danger such as being crushed by a giant slab of stone or about to be atomized by the Big Bang. The Omnitrix will instantly access the situation you are in and give you a form that will allow you to survive in that situation. This will not work if the Omnitrix is recharging.


Essence of X-men
By drinking this essence, you have become the greatest and most powerful mutant to have and will ever exist. There is no mutant in existence that will ever reach your power.
Despite the name, you have access to every single mutant power that have or will exist in the Marvel multiverse, allowing you to have infinite amounts of powers to draw from, not just limited to the X-men team. You can have the mutant ability to manipulate boundaries of both physical objects and concepts, the ability to nullify any magical and physical attack, the ability to overthrow tyrants and look absolutely fabulous while doing so or even the incredible ability of convincing people that liking Futa is not gay.
It does not matter if the powers were retconned or erased from existence, you will have these powers no matter what.
You have full knowledge on all of these powers, and you won't be overwhelmed by the sheer number of powers you have. Though you are limited to 5 mutant powers at a time, you can instantly switch between any mutant powers with a thought and the number of mutant powers you can use at a given time will slowly increase as you constantly use your powers.
If you decide to stack the same or similar powers, this will increase its power exponentially and lose the powers inherit weaknesses. For example, if you decide to stack 5 of the most powerful reality warping mutant power: Franklin Richards from Earth 616, Marquis of Death from Earth 807128, Mad Jim Jasper from Earth 616 and Earth 238, and Miranda from Earth TRN656, the resulting power will allow you to fight evenly with the Living Tribunal.
If, for some reason, you are unable to come up with a power or are incapable of doing so, you will automatically be given the best power for the situation. This will also happen whenever you are preoccupied, unconscious or caught off guard. For example, being given Kitty Pryde's power when you are being attack while you are asleep and having it activated.
You gain new mutant abilities as mutants are being born, or created. It is impossible for any being to stop you from getting a copy of a mutant ability. Once a mutant is born or created, even if the x-gene is not activated, you will instantly gain that mutant power.
This ability can’t be used against you if people decided to create mutants solely to control you such as creating a mutant whose ability is just obeying that person. Your power will filter out any of those powers that will cause you harm or inconvenience you in any way.
You have complete control over any of your mutant powers such as controlling the extent of Rogue’s absorption power, and will not manifest any physical deformities unless you desire it. You know how to use each mutant power to their fullest potential, know every weaknesses of that power, and instinctively know how to use each power.
You can combine different mutant powers to create devastating and incredible combinations: allowing you to increase its power, lose any weakness present in the powers, and add new functions and abilities to those powers.
You are immune to any negative effects that these powers have on you such as being driven insane by Mad Jim Jasper’s power.
As you continue using your powers, all of your mutant powers will grow far beyond their limit and surpass themselves, being given new functions and abilities. You could use just 1 mutant power, and all of your mutant powers will receive this benefit, so you do not have to micromanage your powers.
Your powers can never be taken away, suppress, weaken, or copied in any way.
If you desire, you can become the vessel for the Phoenix Force, the cosmic embodiment of life. This is a copy of a fully powered Phoenix Force who is absolutely loyal to you and completely cares for your well-being. This Phoenix Force is the strongest iteration of the being and will follow you around throughout the multiverse and beyond.
The Phoenix Force can exist beside and inside you. The Phoenix Force will assume a form of a woman made out of fire, the appearance of one of her many hosts such as Jean Grey or Emma Frost, or a Phoenix if she decides to be by your side.
If you like, the Phoenix Force, despite being a force of destruction, has known to take lovers from time to time, but would always abandon them after some time. The Phoenix Force will not only be loyal to you, but will love you with all its being. She will never leave you and consider you her one true love. There is nothing you can do that will stop the Phoenix Force from loving you. She won’t mind you if you decide to have a harem so as long as you do not neglect and abandoned her.
You can wield the full force of the Phoenix force without burning out, or going insane. Your connection with the Phoenix force cannot be severed, or stolen in any matter. The Phoenix Force power can never be copied, suppress, weaken, or taken away.
If you are ever killed in any way, the Phoenix Force will immediately revive you.
If the Phoenix force is ever killed, it will be reborn after 24 hours. During the 24 hours, you will lose access to the Phoenix Force.
Any powers derived from mutation and biology will be boasted by the Phoenix Force to ridiculous levels, no matter how powerful the ability is in comparison to the Phoenix Force.
Once per day, you can grant a fragment of the Phoenix Force to an individual, the strongest fragment can only be 1/5 of its power. This will weaken the Phoenix Force, but the Phoenix Force will regain its strength after 24 hours or if the fragment is recalled. If the Phoenix Force is at its full strength and a fragment of it is returned, its power will be further boasted permanently.
Individuals with the Phoenix Force fragment will be given the power of flight, have their physical abilities boasted, have telepathic telekinesis power, given cosmic fire that can heal and destroy, and any powers derived from mutation and biology will be boasted. Unlike you, they will be mentally affected by the Phoenix Force fragment, and, depending on the power of the fragment, will display erratic behavior. Strong will individuals can resist and even be trained to be immune to those effects, but any weak will individuals will be driven insane. You can instantly recall any fragments. Individuals with the Phoenix Force fragments will never harm or betray you.
The Phoenix Force may have a fetish for Red Hairs.
Unlike other mutants, you will never be hated and feared based solely on the fact that you are a mutant. You will be judge for your attitude and actions.
If you ever show up in the marvel universe, you will be hailed as the Mutant Messiah.



Essence of the D.Y.N freaks
By consuming this essence, you have obtain and bonded with the three great God tools that will help you fight the evil gods that plague humanity. These item will always appear by your side, will never be damage or broken in any way, and can only be used by you.
You have been given the ability to use magic, the art of controlling and distorting the information of an object. As of now, you can only do small scale magic like turn fire cold, and healing minor wounds. As you grow in power and knowledge, you can do incredible things such as flooding an entire continent with water, firing attacks that will always strike and kill the opponent, impenetrable shields capable of shielding the body, mind, and existence, and the ability to warp reality itself.
Your mind is a fortress as nothing can break your will or your mind. You can look at the Outer gods true form, read through the Necronomicon unaided by its spirit, suffer through untold torture, and you will still be fine.
The first great tool, the D, is called the Necronomicon, a legendary grimoire and one of the greatest in existence. Within it contains immeasurable knowledge of the occult and supernatural and gives great power to its wielder. The spirit who lives in this grimoire, Al Azif, brings out the Necronomicon’s true power and will help guide and train you on its usage to fight against the evil gods and their servants.
The second great god tool is Y, the Silver Key. This keyblade has three usage. The first is that it will shut down any time and space related power without fail. No matter how powerful the being, their manipulation of time and space will always fail. You can even project on the entire multiverse, ending all time and space related powers forever, throughout time and space.
The second is severance. As a blade, it can cut through anything. No matter the material or person, it will always cleave right through it and harm it. With training, you can even cut through abstract concepts such as distance, death, and power.
The third is locking and unlocking. As a key, it can unlock and lock any doors without fail. With training, you can lock and unlock things on a conceptual level. You can lock time in a area, lock someone’s power, open the Source Wall of DC comics, and even unlocking the dimensional walls between every universe and forcing them to collided with one another.
The third and last great God tool is N, the Shining Trapezohedron. In a form of a small crystal, its holds infinite energy as it draws its power from the court of Azathoth that are imprison in its crystal. A single stray blast could easily end all of creation, throughout time and space, and through every single dimension. Though this will never happen as the energy from it will immediately dissipate once the any task assign to it by the wielder is done such as charging a magic spell or hitting someone. This can only happen if the wielder wanted it to happen.
At the start, you can have it take a form of a double ended blade and send out waves of energy blasts. Anything cut and hit by it will be erased from existence. It can’t ever be blocked, only dodged. If a being is sufficiently weaken, they can even by sealed into the crystal and place in the Outer Gods prison where they will be torment for all eternity to a fate worst than hell itself and have their energy used by you.
At the start, you can barely handle its power even with Al Azif’s help, and would likely be put in a week long coma if you use it for more than a minute. But as you continue on using it with Al Azif’s help, you can unlock further applications of it and endure its infinite energy. Who knows, maybe in time, with the usage of the Silver Key and the Necronomicon you can send create infinite versions of yourself that can, will, and never exists. It can even be possible to surpass Yog-Sothoth and even Azathoth itself.
The Outer Gods in the crystal will forever remain dormant, and can never be freed no matter what method is taken.

Essence of Powerlisting
By drinking this essence, you have obtained the power to get two random abilities from Powerlisiting.com every week.
Every week, you have to randomly choose 5 powers from that website. You then choose two powers from your list and discard the rest.
You will instantly know how to use these powers to their fullest potential. You know all the weakness, strengths, and tricks to the power. Every nuance of that power, no matter how small, is available to you. Every single application, techniques, and association listed under that power can be used.
You have amazing synergy as you flawlessly combined 2 or more powers to create devastating and incredible effects and combos.
If a power require a specific energy source such as KI, magic, or chakra, you will have it to fuel the power to its maximum potential.
You can decide if there is a cost in using these powers, or if they are fueled by something like chakra, or magic so as long as the ability does not specifically state if it uses an energy source.
You can decide how powerful the ability is, however it must match description stated in the article of that power and/or the highest or lowest possible portrayal of it. For example, if you have miracle manipulation, you can decide to be as powerful as Bernkastel, a multiversal witch capable of destroy all of creation, Sanae Kochiya, a miko who takes several days of preparation depending on how impossible and strong the miracle is, or somewhere in the middle.
You can decide if the power grows with training, age, or even a little of both. You can also decide how long it’ll take for the power to grow. Powers can grow in range, strength, and gain new effects.
If you obtain 5 powers that either extremely weak or overpowered, you can reroll once to get a different list of powers.

Essence of the Presence
By drinking this silvery white vial, you have been given three demiurgic powers that helped shape and create the DC multiverse, making you an equal to the Presence and Elaine Belloc.
This essence is based on the interpretation that the Presence created the Source and everything in the DC multiverse.
As you have obtained the three demiurgic powers: the Dunamis Demiurgos, the Morningstar, and the Hornblower, something no being has ever attempted or done, you have been given several boons available only to the Presence and Elaine Belloc.
With this power, you are, by default, infinitely more powerful than the combined forces of every single being and force in the DC multiverse, with the exception of the Overmonitor, the Presence, and Elaine Belloc.
The Power of God is called the Dunamis Demiurgos, the power of Creation. With this, Michael was able to lay the foundation led to the DC multiverse. With this power, you have ability to create anything without limit. Whenever it be concepts, weapons, energy, and totality itself, you can create it, even if it defies logic.
As the Dunamis Demiurgos is the power of creation itself, you can use it as an unlimited energy source, allowing you to channel and use it as a fuel for energy attacks such as magic, ki, charka, and etc.
If you are ever killed or mortally wounded, the Dunamis Demiurgos will explode, instantly reviving and healing you of all wounds, no matter how severe or damaging they are, though this will destroy all of creation as result.
The Will of God is called the Morningstar, the will of Creation. With this power, Lucifer was able to create matter from energy and formed the stars in the DC multiverse. You have absolute control over creation and is unlimited in scope. You can control and rewrite anything such energy, matter, concepts, and causality itself. Even the Endless and abstract beings themselves fall under your power. Even if the changes defy logic and sense, it will and can be made.
Unlike Lucifer, who would lose his power in certain dimensions such as realm of the Japanese god-pantheon, you will always be able to use your power no matter where you are.
To use this ability to its fullest potential, you have gain Infinite Will. There is no being in creation that can match your willpower, not even the very concept or embodiment of will itself. Stress, suffering, and difficulty mean absolutely nothing to you. You can go through any disaster without losing your cool, endure infinite amount of pain without even flinching, and you can look at a realm that embodies insanity itself and would feel just fine. Nothing can control or alter your mind, body, or soul.
It is impossible to wound, damage, and alter your ever being as you can simply will it to never happen. Even if you are killed or erased from existence, you can simply will yourself alive. You can decide whenever you want to resurrect to use either the Morningstar or the Dunamis Demiurgos.
The Pattern of God is called the Hornblower, the pattern of Creation. With this power, Gabriel was able to shape the DC multiverse, creating and imposing concepts, and rules on the DC multiverse. He created Mother Night, Father Time, The Source, the Endless, and other conceptual entities, and created the rules that govern creation. You can create, impose, erase, manipulate, and use any concepts, and laws on any scale.
You can impose laws on anything such as the multiverse, and make it so that these laws have always exist at the beginning and will continue to exist until the end of the multiverse. These laws can never be changed, broken, and removed by anyone weaker than you.
Your control and ability over concepts are so absolute that not even abstract beings could even hope to compare to you.
With the Hornblower, you can decide the lifespan of anything, no matter the scale, and how it ends. No being can ever change this either by ending too early or by prolonging it, only you can.
As the wielder of the three powers, you are now eternal and infinite; existing beyond dimensions, laws, and concepts. For any of that to affect you, it must be inflicted by a being of comparable or greater might.
Your mind is infinite. Allowing you to handle infinite amount of data and the ability to instantly sort them out.
As your powers stretch throughout the multiverse, you have gained the knowledge over the inner workings of reality and the multiverse itself. You know everything in it and have omniscience. The only things that you can’t know is from beings who are equal or greater in strength and power. This can be toggle on or off.
You are omnipresent, allowing you to exist everywhere and nowhere in the multiverse. There is no place where you cannot appear. You have infinite multitasking abilities, allowing you to perform and handle different tasks with infinite bodies without any effort or strain.
As in wielder of the three demiurgic powers, you are immune to the influences of abstract beings such as the Endless, Lords of Order and Chaos, and etc. While you can feel emotions, dream, and can die, those abstract beings themselves have absolutely no influence over you.
You have full knowledge on how your powers work. You can use these powers to their fullest potential and have full control over what they can do. Your powers will never harm you and will do what you want it to do without fail even if you don’t have knowledge to perform those tasks.
You can change your entire being into whatever you want. Do you want to be an archangel? An demon lord? Your powers can and will change you if you so desire.
You will never feel bored or be tired of your own immortality or power.
You will be considered the most dangerous and powerful being ever to walked the multiverse by the abstracts, extra dimensional beings, and those who can perceive into higher dimensions and the inner working of reality itself. They will never think of insulting you, always take you seriously, and be respectfully towards you. They might ask for favors and requests depending on what kind of person you are.
The three demiurgic power can never be adapted, copied, altered, taken away, or tampered in any negative way and against your will. These powers are yours and yours alone.
You can give out full or lesser copies of your powers to others without straining or weakening yourself and can place restrictions to these powers. If Presence was able to give out portions of his power to his sons without weakening himself, so can you. Beings who have the copies of your power cannot hurt you in any way and you can instantly recall back those powers whenever you want.
Your offsprings can also have your power, though you can decide to what extent. This can only happen through your consent, and if you desire it. Offsprings created by cloning or by other means will not have your power.
You can exist in the lower dimensions without any problem and nothing can keep you out of it.


Essence of Figurines
By drinking this essence, you have obtained the ability to give life to figurines.
Whenever they be toys, PVC figures, Figma, Acrylic Stand Figures, or etc, you can use them to summon the characters they are based on and have them serve you. The figurine will disappear once you do that. The character that comes to life will have all their memories, powers, abilities, personality, and grow to their original height from the series they are in.
By touching a figurine, and consciously deciding to summon them, they will appear before in a bright light, with all their equipment available to them. The equipment doesn’t require maintenance, and any weapons such as guns will have infinite ammo. If the characters require certain things to survive or their power needs a specific thing to use their power to the fullest potential, they will no longer need it.
By default, anyone summoned by you loves you to no end. It doesn’t matter what their sexual orientation they have, their personality, or if they are in a relationship with someone in the series they are in, they will see you as their lover. They would gladly sacrifice their life without any hesitation for you, and do anything for you. They also don’t mind you having a harem. You can decide how they see you before summoning them, but at the end, they will always be loyal to you and can never even think of harming you.
You can summon up unlimited number of figurines and it will not cost you anything to do that.
You can summon up materials and tools to create your own figurines, either to summon to serve you or to sell for a ridiculous amount of money. To create a figurine, it will take you about 3 hours to complete. The figurines you create are high quality and the best figurines in the market.
If a summon were to ever get killed, they will be reduced to a figurine for 24 hours and come back to life after that.
Yes, you can have sex and have children with them.

Essence of the Primarch Caretaker
When you consumed the vial contain the essence, a portal from a chaotic hellscape will appear either immediately or after some time. 18 capsules will drop out from this portal and will immediately close itself before any of the Daemons could pass through.
Upon inspecting the pods which has suddenly open, you noticed that each pod has a single baby in it (except for maybe one, which may have twins). You are now the adopted mother/father of the 18 (19?) canon Primarchs of Warhammer 40k, and it is your job to take care of all of them.
You have excellent parenting skills, allowing you to handle 18 (19?) children without neglecting anyone of them, and can showering them with parental love and affection without showing any favoritism.
Even with limited resources such as money and food, you will and can properly take care of the 18 (19?) Primarch children without straining yourself.
By constantly being in touch with your children and having them interact with each other as a family, they will never grow up with flaws they had in canon Warhammer 40k such as Lion El’Jonson being a loner, Konrad Curze growing up as insane serial killer, and Angron being angry all the damn time, and will trust and help one another albeit with some friendly sibling rivalry.
The Primarchs will display some behaviors that they would have gotten if they were in their original home planets, such as Konrad Curze fighting crime, Vulkan’s preference for fire and forges, and Lorgar need to worship a deity (he will try to worship and venerate you if you are a being of great power).
You can properly convey what your intentions and feelings towards your children without any miscommunication and blunder. If they accept your reasoning is up to them, though you are incredible at convincing your children as long as you take your time.
If you properly took your time in taking great care with the Primarchs, they will see as you their true father/mother instead of the Emperor and will show absolute loyalty to you so as long as you don’t constantly mistreat them.
If you want, the Primarchs can be from If the Emperor Had a Text-To-Speech Device universe, where they will have their parody counterpart’s personality. Such as Magnus being a comic book nerd, Jaghatai Khan being a speed freak, Lemon Russ being a furry, and Corvus Corax being an emo.
After carrying out the babies out of the pod, you noticed that each pod has papers that have information on how to create each of the Primarch’s legions, equipment and other essential items. For some reason, females can’t be Space Marines and the only reason as to why as you read through the papers was that “The Adeptus Astartes can only contain males. No Girls allowed. Girls are Yucky”.
You can decide to be in Warhammer 40k for this though you will face off legions up legions of Daemon trying to kill you and the Primarchs, the asshole xenos such as the Elders and the Dark Elders trying to kill you all, and eventually the Emperor of Mankind himself. That’s not even getting into Warp bullshit like Magnus talking to Tzeentch, Curze’s frequent nightmares, and the warp trying to do its hardest to tempt the Primarchs to their side. So you proably shouldn't do that unless you really want a challenge.


Essence of Wealth
By drinking this essence, you have become the wealthiest person alive.
An independent bank account is opened to your name with infinite funding. A credit card appears in your hand that is connected to this bank account. This account is hacker proof and only you can withdraw money from this account and use this card. You can use this to withdraw money from any banks and atm without any charges. The atm and bank clerks will not question or wonder about the bank account or credit card. This bank account is available to you in all worlds and universes where banks exist. The credit card will appear next to you if its ever stolen or lost.
You can create valid currency out of thin air if you can’t find a bank, atm, or use your credit card.
You can spend how much you like without worrying about the economy crashing with how much money is being circulated into it. It will actually help it and no one will question where the extra money is coming from. The extra money will sort itself out after a couple of weeks and disappear without it affecting anyone or hurting the economy.
No one will question or investigate where you are getting your money or how you are buying your things. You could buy entire companies and no one will care or investigate it.
You can create precious metals and substance with 100% purity. The value of these precious metals and substances will never decrease if you ever decide to sell or hand them out in bulks.
You won’t have to worry about the IRS or other government agency that deals with money and taxes. They will never investigate you about your money and will never tax you. No one will ever question you about this.

Essence of the Worm CYOAs
You now have the ability to choose any and all of the powers, perks, items, and companions that is presented in any versions of the Worm CYOA.
You can decide to use any and all of the Worm CYOA, allowing you to use 1 or multiple versions of the CYOA.
You can decide how many powers, perks, items, and companions you can get, regardless of the restrictions placed on them such as being in a specific faction or group.
You can decide to get complications from any of the CYOA to make your adventure interesting and challenging.
You can decide how powerful your abilities are. You can nerf them, increase their power, or keep it as it is.


Essence of the Trace
With this essence, you are now able to randomly “trace” things from both fiction and non-fiction world. There are two limitation to this ability.
The first limitation is that these things can be anything so as long as it has volume and that volume does not exceed 2,500 cubic meters.
The second limitation is that these things in form by RNG, where the quality and strength of the traces is decided by a dice roll.
The first dice roll with determine the world that the trace is from. You must choose 10 or more worlds. They can be anything and will numbered. These number will be randomly chosen. You can add more world later on.
You can only roll 3 traces once a week. You must conscious and will it to happen. If you decide not to roll for whatever reason, your ability roll traces will stack, so if you do not roll for a month, you can roll 15 traces the following week.
Traces are separate by stars, going by 1 star to 5 stars. In the dice roll, 1 ~ 50 is a 1-star, 51 ~ 75 is a 2-star, 76 ~ 89 is a 3 star, 90 ~ 95 is a 4-star, and a 96 ~ 100 is a 5-star. These stars represent the power and importance of the trace in that world. The star also affects the available volume of the Trace (20%, 40%, 60%, 80%, and 100% respectively of the given 2,500 cubic meters).
A 1-star trace would be the average civilians, and mooks that populate the world. They are the people that would never make any changes and largely be unnoticed to society. They don’t have any weapons nor armies that would make them a threat to an average person. 1-star traces could have power, but those powers must be commonly found and used in that world, and they must be inexperience in using those powers to the fullest potential. Examples of a 1-star trace would be a regular soldier, an inexperience genin, 9 mm gun, and Soldier from TF2.
A 2-star trace would be civilians that specialize in a certain field and strong mooks. These are the people that can make small scale changes assuming they in the right time, and place. They may be survivors, combat specialists, or anyone with a moderate experience in their profession. Examples of a 2-star trace would be a doctor who is specialized in 1 field, a Kouga Clan Raider, a regular Black Mage from Final Fantasy, and a Myrmidon from Final Fantasy.
A 3-star trace would be the minor characters and elite mooks. People that could give the main characters and major players of the world trouble if they were to underestimate them. They have their weapons and armor so as long as it does not give them an overwhelming advantage over their enemies. They trained with their powers and are consider elites in their world. Examples of a 3-star trace would be a Guardian without their ghosts or weapon, an Enderman, a Dragon Knight from Dark Souls 2, a random Atlas Warframe, and a Shoggoth.
A 4-star trace would be the major characters. People who personally support and answer to either the protagonists or the antagonists of that world. Examples of a 4-star trace is Fubuki from One Punch Man, a Medigun from TF2, a Ghost from Destiny, and Papyrus of Undertale.
A 5-star trace are the main characters and players of the world. They are the people who shape and change the world. The strongest beings that can exist and/or have a major influence over the world. An example of a 5-star trace would be the Endbringers, any of the S-Class Hero and Saitama from One Punch Man, Pre-Crisis Superman, Batman, and Sans. There is a limit to how strong a 5-star trace can be. The soft limit would be summoning Pre-Crisis Superman. A hard limit would be summoning the Endbringers. You can decide which limit you want.
Keep in mind that star rank is different from world to world. They are not at all equal. A 100q 5-star Trace in Naruto would be weaker than a 100q 5-star from DC or Marvel Comics.
Each trace has a quality roll, 1 ~ 100. This determine the quality of a specific trace. A roll that has a 1 is a critical failure, representing the worst quality trace to have in a specific star rank. Examples of a critical role would be a 1q 1-star trace would always produce scrap metal, and a 1q 5-star trace would be Roboute Guilliman who just been poisoned by Fulgrim and is near death. A roll that has a 100 is a critical success, representing the best quality and power trace to have in a specific star rank and world. A 100q 5-Star would be Pre-Crisis Superman.
The roll format would be (World [1d # of worlds]), [1d100] (1 ~ 5) Star-Rank, Quality [1d100]).
Traces can be “blended” or combined into one. The base chance of it is 25%, with each scrap iron trace increasing it by 5%. If the blending is a success, then one of the combined traces will be chosen, and a trace that is similar to traces combined will be chosen. This will increase the trace’s power and quality, but you will never get a 6-star trace if try to combine a 5-star trace with a 5-star. Just a stronger and better 5-star trace. You must have 2 same rank trace to make a better and higher rank trace. If the “blending” failed, then the traces will disappear from you and you will no longer be able to use them again. This is useful for getting rid of useless traces.
All traces are completely loyal to you, and can never even think of hurting in any way. They can’t ever be turn against you and this bond isn’t completely unbreakable. They will always obey your orders, although they can find loopholes in those orders and interpret them differently. If you mistreat your traces and continue to do so, they will be disloyal to you and eventually be free from your control. Though, you can restart their loyalty and thoughts on you if you put them in your “Trace vault” for 5 days.
Trace will be able to understand and write the languages that you understand, so you won’t have to worry about any language barrier. If a trace cannot speak your language or is incapable of speaking at all, you will still be able to understand them and know what their intents are.
All Traces will always treat you with respect and care. They will see you as their leader and master. Though they will criticize you, offer you advice, and berate you if you do something stupid. It is possible for traces to fall in love with you after spending time with them and treating them right.
Traces that require energy, drugs, and etc will never long need them.
Traces whose power rely on a specific energy source to exist such as the warp, speed force, and magic will still be able to use their powers even if those power sources do not exist in the universe you are in.
Every single trace that you have are connected to you, allow you to feel what they feel and what their mindset is. Even the minds of traces that are completely alien or eldritch is open to you. You will not suffer any negative side effects from this.
You and your Traces are immune to any negative effects that certain traces have such as having a trace that is a Lovecraftian being whose form can cause madness on sight. Though this only applies to you and your traces.
You can fuse with 1 or more trace, allowing you to use their power, experience, and knowledge. This is not permanent and you will likely suffer mental commination as your minds fuse into one, making you more like the traces you fused with. Thankfully, this is not permanent and linger away after a couple of days.
Unless Traces have their own methods of resurrection or have an item that will instantly resurrect upon death, they will permanently disappear upon death.
Traces can get stronger, increasing their power through training, or by external means. It is possible for a 1-star inexperience Genin to turn into a 5-star Kage, or have a 5-star Ren from Dies Irae turn into a Hadou God. Traces that train will require food.
Traces will not age, and those that are young will until they reach their prime.
You can summon and desummon traces that 5 feet away from you. Desummon traces will retreat into your mind and stay in coma until they are summoned. You can have as many traces as you want.
Traces can get injured, and will not instantly heal if they retreated to you “trace vault”, though they will be place in stasis so that their injuries won’t worsen, though this will not fix it, just freeze the injuries it as long as they are in the your “vault”. For example, if a trace were to lose their arms or legs, they will only regain them back if they have a regeneration power, an item that can restore missing limbs, or a power that can heal wounds.



Wheenesss
Essence of the Smasher
Drinking this essence allows you to channel the powers of every playable character in the Super Smash Brothers video game series, at their full power rather than just the limited movesets of the games. However, you can only channel one character's powers at a time, but you can switch between them on the fly.
You can grant other people these powers by creating a sticker of the character in question, which the target must then attach directly to their skin. These stickers are indestructible and cannot be removed by anyone except you. However you lose access to the powers of the character you make a sticker of for as long as they are being used by someone else. When you take back a sticker, it vanishes into your body as if you had never made it in the first place.
When you're in a serious combat situation, items from the games may appear that you can use to turn the tides of battle. These items work exactly the same way they do in the games, which means they can be used by combatants other than you.
You can also create 'amiibos' of the game's playable characters, clones of them with all of their powers who are 100% loyal to you despite how they may act in their source material. Yet like with the stickers, you lose access to those character's powers for as long as that amiibo is active. If a character has alternate costumes or appears as both genders rather than just one, you can choose what form they take as an amiibo. This includes alternate color schemes as well. When an amiibo dies, you can either choose to retake their powers or revive them. Note that choosing to retake their powers doesn't mean you permanently lose that iteration of the character. They stick around as a voice in your head offering advice and/or encouragement, until you decide to make them a new body.

Essence of the Digimon Tamer
Perfect memory with infinite storage
Beyond genius level intellect, do calculations and process things faster than super computers.
You have the ability to create real living, breathing Digimon by coding them into existence on a computer. You can make any official Digimon as well as completely new, original Digimon. These Digimon are 100% loyal to you, seeing you as a parental figure, and can freely travel between the real world and the internet. However the more powerful the Digimon you want to make, the more time it takes to properly write their program. For example, a Fresh/Baby 1 level Digimon would only take a few hours to write up. Whereas a Mega would take YEARS to create because of how absurdly complex their programs are. So it's generally advised that you make lower level Digimon, then take them time to raise and train them in the real world until they Digivolve.
You have encyclopedic knowledge of every official Digimon ever made across the entire franchise, including how to raise them and how to use their abilities to their fullest potential.
You know how to make any of the Digivices or similar devices seen in the anime, mangas, and video games as well as any supplementary items you may need to bring out their full potential. This means things like Crests, Digimentals/Armor Digi-Eggs, Hyper Colosseum Cards, Legendary Spirits, Digi-Memories and so on. These devices and items can by given to other people for them to use, but you have the ability to shut them down remotely if they are ever used against you. You can even mix and match Digivice models if you want a specific set of features all on one device.
You also have the ability to generate and control Digisoul/DNA from the Data Squad/Savers anime and the NEXT manga. Even if you don't want to use it with a Digivice to digivolve a partner Digimon, it can be used to greatly enhance your physical capabilities. The maximum level of enhancement you can use with this is anything displayed by Masaru Daimon/Marcus Damon. You can give other people the ability to use Digisoul/DNA via direct physical contact but they have to learn how to use it the old-fashioned way like the characters in the source material.
When a Digimon you make dies, they are reborn as a Digi-Egg right on the spot unless their data is absorbed by another Digimon like in Tamers or someone uses a device on them specifically designed to permanently delete Digimon like the ones used by Akihiro Kurata from Data Squad/Savers.

Essence of the Z-Fighter
You gain the ability to use Ki, starting at a level matching that of Son Goku when he fought Raditz (which includes physical fitness so don’t worry about that) they can be naturally increased with training. Of course like any skill if you stop training for a significant amount you WILL start to get weaker unless you have another power that can remedy this. You can also teach others how to use Ki.
Pick ONE race from the Dragon Ball mythos. You now gain all the unique traits and abilities of that race with an optional appearance change to match said race. Meaning for example if you wanted the powers of Freeza's Race but want to remain inconspicuous due to their nonhuman appearance, you can choose to keep your normal look.
If you pick Namekian you instinctively know how to make your own set of Dragon Balls, which start out as powerful as Earth’s set at the start of the series. This can potentially be increased with self-study and spiritual meditation, but it takes a while (months at the very least) to figure out. You can spawn Mutated Namekian offspring (who are innately 100% loyal to you) by spitting up eggs like King Piccolo. You have a measure of control over their appearance and abilities, but they will generally never be able to pass as human unless you have other powers that could potentially influence your appearance or DNA, and by extension theirs. Note that vomiting eggs drains a lot of energy, the amount of which varies depending on how powerful you want to make the resulting offspring, so overdoing it can kill you. You can also spawn regular Namekians if you so choose. All offspring made this way can be classified into either the Dragon Clan or Warrior Clan. The Dragon Clan have healing abilities and can learn to make Dragon Balls like you, whereas the Warrior Clan is a lot more gifted in raw combat ability. You can also permanently fuse with other Namekians (which yes includes your own offspring you monster) to increase your power, but the fusion has to be completely willing for all parties involved.
If you pick Majin, then like Buu, can absorb the skills and powers of other beings by engulfing them. However this can also warp your personality and appearance depending on the kind of person you've absorbed. This also means you can potentially split into two or more separate Majins if there's a literal internal conflict within you. Like the Namekians you can also asexually reproduce, albeit yours is different because you can literally break off a piece of yourself and make it into a brand new Majin. You can also achieve a 'Pure Majin' transformation that makes you look identical to Kid Buu and grants you has techniques at the cost of also feeling the same madness that engulfed your progenitor. You can learn to control this power and retain your sanity while in this form, but it'll take time and training.
You know how to build and repair all of the unique technology seen in Dragon Ball such as capsules, hovercars, scouters, spaceships, etc...
You are an expert in any ONE martial art shown in the series, knowing all of its signature techniques. However only training and live combat experience can push you towards true mastery. Note that a lot of characters blatantly steal techniques from each other so a technique you thought was universal might actually be unique to a school. For example, Ki-based Flight was originally discovered on Earth by Master Shen of the Crane School, but characters who didn’t study under him copied it after seeing it in action like Goku. That’s not to say you can’t learn the techniques of other schools, but you’ll have to figure out how they work on your own. A difficult but not impossible task.

Essence of the Diamond
When a person drinks this Essence, they are imbued with the powers and form of one of the Diamonds from Steven Universe. You have the choice between White Diamond, Yellow Diamond, Blue Diamond or Pink Diamond.
You have the powers of an average Gem such as shapeshifting, enchanted physical capabilities fusion, a unique weapon you can summon from your gem, and immortality in addition to all the unique powers of your chosen Diamond. As you are now a non-organic being, you are also immune to things like diseases, poisons, radiation, and even lava.
If you don’t wish to be mistaken for one of the original Diamonds, you may make some slight adjustments to your form such as hairstyle, outfit and even the placement of your Gem on your physical projection. You’d still look similar enough to not be mistaken for anything other than a Diamond, but you’d be less likely to be confused for the canon Diamonds.
Alternatively, you can choose to be only Half-Gem like Steven if you wish to remain partially organic. However you lose out on immunity to lava and radiation, and strong enough diseases or poisons can still kill you. Your physical age also becomes something you can control through your mindset, but while you’re theoretically ageless because of this you can still be killed if you take sufficient damage, especially if your Gem is cracked.
You know how to use, build, repair, and maintain all of the special technology used by Gems.
While this does include the Kindergartens’ Injectors, be advised that they are subject to the same rules displayed in the show. This means that making Gems requires environments that are abundant with natural resources, and that the process WILL drain those resources and can potentially even render an entire planet uninhabitable for organic life if the process is repeated enough times. The more powerful a specific type of Gem is, the more resources they will drain to be ‘born’ and the longer their ‘gestation’ period will be.


Essence of the Alicorn
You now have the ability to transform an alicorn pony from My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic. You have no issues getting used to your new alternate form, and know how to cast every spell ever shown in the show, movies, comics, or any official side content.You start out as strong (and as tall) as Princess Celestia. Your magic is like a muscle, allowing you to increase it's strength with training and testing the limits of your spellcasting capacity.
You get to pick your special talent, which will be reflected in your cutie mark. You will naturally be better at any activity involving your talent in some way.
You have the ability to permanently transform mundane equines into their sapient counterparts as they are depicted on the show through direct physical contact. In the case of races that obviously don't have real-world counterparts such as unicorns, pegasi, hippogriffs, bat ponies, and so on, then you can still make them from bog-standard horses. However should you be in a world where they DO exist, you will find that they will be of a higher 'quality' if you choose to transform them, compared to those made from normal horses. You can also make sea ponies, mermares, and sirens from sea horses. Hope you have a really big pool in that case, though. Those you transform will be absolutely loyal to you, and regard you as royalty.
You can decide a pony's special talent as you're transforming them, or leave it completely up to random chance. But for straightforwardly 'powerful' talents like for example Twilight Spark's affinity for all magic, it takes a proportionate amount of energy to create a pony with that talent. This means that if you wanted to create a unicorn on par with Twilight, you would need A LOT more energy than you would use to create a relatively average unicorn like say Rarity.
You can create other alicorns, but those take even more energy than freakishly powerful unicorns. While still absolutely loyal to you, they regard you as a beloved parent or older sibling rather than them being another loyal subject. The other ponies you make will also similarly regard them as royalty.
Those you transform will also have the ability to assume 'human' forms reminiscent of the world of Equestria Girls. So they generally won't be able to pass as actually human unless you're in a world where rainbow-colored skin is normal. But hey, you can try to pass it off as a freaky skin condition? Maybe it'll work?

Essence of the Keyblade.
You gain your very own Keyblade just like the ones from Kingdom Hearts. It's default form can be anything from the games as long as it isn't Ultima Weapon (or Omega Weapon), or even something original of your own design.
A body just above the peak of your species in ability, one sculpted to your tastes and tougher then it should be. This body can grow in ability and durability through training.
You gain the ability to use any magic seen in the series, but you start out knowing how to use none of it. Your magical reserves start out small, but grow over time when frequently used.
You gain a downright supernatural ability to learn practical skills 'on the job'. Whenever you face a difficult trial and succeed, you will be able to derive a spell or technique relating to the challenge in question at a level slightly below that of the challenge itself. For example defeating a powerful fire demon would grant you Fire, Fira, Firaga, or even higher levels of fire magic should the threat be great enough. While fighting skilled swordsmen would allow you to emulate their techniques with your Keyblade. You can even develop Keyblade Transformations on your own once you reach a high enough level, and if you fight opponents with similarly transforming weapons.
Speaking of Keyblade Transformations, if and/or when you develop the ability to turn your Keyblade into a Glider, you can travel to any fictional setting on it. You're not limited to just Disney or Square-Enix properties.
Furthermore, you can 'meld' two or more sufficiently mastered techniques and/or spells to create stronger skills and spells. However these new abilities are learned at a base level, and take time and experience to be mastered enough to be melded again.
When you perform the Keyblade Inheritance Ceremony one someone, you can guarantee that the recipient will one day gain their own Keyblade. This can be toggled.
You can acquire Keychains to temporarily change your Keyblade's form and abilities, after having a short adventure in another world. Even normal physical objects can also become Keychains if they have enough emotional sentiment attached to them. You also know the recipes to synthesize the various Ultima Weapons (and Omega Weapon), you just need to acquire the materials the old-fashioned way.
You have a special form of perfect memory with infinite storage that prevents you from being reverted back to 'Level 1' like Sora. Whether its having your memories erased, being in a year-long coma, nearly being possessed by an evil master of darkness, or having to lose them to take an exam. Thus, any powers or skills gained through this Essence will never degrade.
You also have the capacity to use Light and Darkness, but this Essence provides no protection against the corruptive influences of the latter. That's something you'll have to build up on your own, like Riku did.
Lastly, you have the knowledge and skill needed to create supplemental equipment like Black Coats, Keyblade Armor, or even the various magic clothes made by the Three Good Fairies.

Celestial Dragon
Essence of the Rule Breaker
By taking this essence, your other essences you have taken, are now under your rules, becoming limitless or finite to what it was originally. A single drop of the rule breaker, changing forever the powers before you.
You gain the ability to break the rules of any essence you have chosen, completely making it your own in everything but name.
The essence that you have chosen must be one of your other chosen essences other than this one.
The change can be no limit, no cooldown, instantly at your best without training, studying or experience. The only thing is that it must follow the essences theme, you cannot suddenly have an essence of shinobi that allows you to summon heroes from fate and fire emblem or similar, but you can become a god-level or beyond shinobi instantly just willing this essence to break shinobis essence rules.
Example are as following: There are no drawbacks. Abilities that are inherently always on can be turned on or off. You have immortal clones, overpowered abilities or generally just breaking reality by existing.
You can also have an essence go from god-level skill to nothing, limiting the possibilities initially but allowing you to naturally progress to what your essence initially was and go beyond if you wish, or just leave yourself with useless powers.
Examples are as follows: There are many drawbacks, you want your power to break you every time you use it until you grow steadily familiar, now you can, add that training montage. Want to be only being capable of controlling an element when you are standing in it and no other possible way of using it otherwise, now that is the rules for your power. Want to have the fear of flying instilled in you when you take a power to fly. Sure why not, no one is going to judge you, much.
Alone this essence does nothing, but with another, you can become beyond what you could be. There is no limit to how powerful or how weak you make your essence. This is the hammer that shatters the stone.
This does not stack with Game Changer or any other essences that affects another. Only this essence and another can be mixed.
You get once chance to change your essence(s), and that is before you drink the others. Once you do drink, all essences cannot be affected again by Rule Breaker.

Essence of the Game Changer
By taking this essence, you can now decide how the powers around you act. For better or worse.
You gain the ability to change the rules of your essences, modifying the pre-set rules to fit an idea, a goal, a mission, but without adding new drawbacks or boons like the rule breaker.
The essence that you have chosen must be one of your other chosen essences that are in the vials. Though not Game Changer.
Your changes must be related to the pre-set essences rules. Eg. Instead of once a day you can do it as many times as you want, or you can become stronger, smarter and faster far quicker than if you had taken an essence without Game Changer. As long as the rules aren’t broken but only changed your essence will take effect.
Alone this essence does nothing, but with another, you can become beyond what you could be. This is the chisel, cutting away the unwanted marble to be what you wish it to be.
This does not stack with the Rule Breaker or any other essences that affect another.
You get once chance to change your essence, and that is before you drink the others. Once you do drink, all essences cannot be affected again by Game Changer.

Essence of Plus Ultra
In the darkest of places, the most desperate of times. When all is lost, and there is no hope. This essence will be the one to bring light to even the most hopeless of causes.
By drinking this essence, you gain the knowledge and ability that made All Might, Superman and Captain America the greats of their time. You do not gain their powers, but rather, you will naturally begin to understand how they inspire hope, teamwork and positivity, your mind becoming a weapon that will pierce all evil and bring back even the most broken of people. And thus, know now how to change people for the better.
You have a charisma that is unrivalled, knowing exactly what to say and when to say it. Instil teamwork and cooperation where even the worst of rivals can work together. Your very presence makes people have hope and makes them never give up, even in the most desperate of times against the foes that they know cannot be defeated.
You will find is as easy as breathing to recruit people to your cause, to your ideas as you bring purpose and hope to them wherever you go.
Your presence encourages people to grow past their damaged minds and spirits, even if they are only interacting with you for a moment, making them slowly heal, and even if they try to spiral back into the darkness that you drew them from, their very memory of you will stop them.
With your presence, you will instil awe and fear to all enemies you face, even if they are a galaxy-spanning hive mind of bugs, a cold machine, or anything else inhuman. They will know fear.
Your will is infinite and unbreakable. You can undergo all suffering, all pain, and all difficulty. Even when your body should be in the greatest of damage, undergoing the most terrible of events, and facing the worst of foes, your mind will be untouched and unbroken, allowing you to continue of without even blinking. Additionally, your will allows you to combat any changes that will affect your mind, making your immune to even those that can manipulate your brain through biological manipulation. Your mind is your own and nothing will change it. This also grants the boon to hold onto skills, abilities, powers and whatever else that is inherently you, no one can take what is your own, nor suppress nor act without your consent.
No matter the scenario, no matter the foe, you are infinite in will, you will always continue moving forward. Nothing will break you. Nothing
You can continue on no matter how defeated, how damaged, how broken your body is. Your spirit will continue to move and as long as you are outright dealt a fatal blow, can make the body continue to act.
Additionally, this essence will always fill you with a sense of purpose. While this can be to a hero, it can be something similar like wanting to teach people or to help those less fortunate without a cape at your back like a police officer or nurse. Whatever it is, it acts as a foundation and centre for your sense of self and a wellspring of drive and motivation.
With this purpose, you can use it to ignite the fuel that is your existence and dump all your power, all your stamina, all your magic, everything that makes up you that won't outright kill or maim you if it is used for fuel, into a single moment. This moment becomes an action or an attack that when unleashed can break even the most powerful of foes, even when you are at death's door and you are beginning to weaken, this purpose-filled action will be greater than anything that you could do even at your best.
If you use your purpose initially before your body is nearly broken by the obstacle(s) you are about to face, while you are still strong in body, mind and soul, the action or attack would be greater than ever possible naturally. But afterwards, no matter how you were before using your purpose to fuel your abilities, it will be a miracle if you could stand. No matter what abilities, powers or miracles you have, you will be exhausted and out for a significant amount of time.
This ability will not give you the abilities of a hero, but the mind and soul that is needed to be the greatest. And even if you should fall, your memory will drive the people you meet, the people you inspired and given hope, to be heroes and to do much greatness that is not even though possible.
And yes, should you find yourself satisfied with the state of the existence around you and want to pass on to the afterlife, or generally wish to stop being the immortal super god that you are. Whatever the reason, you can pass all your powers, all your strength, all your essences on to another, everything that wasn't learnt being imprinted onto a single entity chosen by you. How you pass it on, will be up to you to decide, a pat of the back, a magical fruit, having the unfortunate individual eat a strand of your own hair, whatever you think would be necessary.
Once you and you alone decide if your power is to pass on to another and have acted on it, you will begin to slowly weaken in everything but willpower, becoming nothing but a weak shadow of what you were before. Your memories will also stay with you, your brain able to retain the possibly infinite number of experiences you have had. The person who now has your power will also now find that there is an echo of yourself imprinted into their mind, allowing the echo to communicate, with the new holder of your power. This echo will never able to leave that entities' mind until the power passes on or the entity dies. This will also stack, allowing future carriers of your power to communicate with you even when your existence has long been forgotten in the infinite of the omniverse.
Akumakami64 
Essence of the Incubus Lord/Sex God:
Gain an ideal form. Said form has demon cosmetics if Incubus Lord, but these are option as a Sex God. Immortality and Youth applies to both cases.
Gain the ability to tame any female creature. This includes ones that you should technically not be able to: Certain Monstergirls and Pokegirls, Succubi Queens and Sex Goddesses, Otherwise untamable or man hating females.

Gain the ability to control how tame a female is. Example. A Hellhound Monstergirls will obey you not matter what, but is she an adoring puppy or a steadfast attack dog? Is the Dominatrix your sex slave now or is she managing the lesser slaves?

All your others abilities can now be recharged or hypercharge by sexual energy collected via fucking. This can also be used for healing and staving off physical needs.

Gain your own private afterlife that no God or any other entity can enter without your permission. Except: Females wanting to submit to you. Said Afterlife starts off thesize of New York City but can grow to the size of Japan. All that you tame will be brought here at death, or by you personally. Amenities will manifest over time.(a month for an apartment complex, a year for a high end mansion, a day for a furnished house.)

All porn logic applies: No refractory period, no incest issues, messiness is togglable, etc.
Can manifest sex toys, even impossible or magical ones, with relative ease.(instantly for dildos, chastity belts, masks etc, but a few hours for a machine that teases, spanks, AND tickles)
Instant access to one lewd (Pokegirl, Queen's Blade, etc) or two ecchi (DxD, New Sister Devil, Heaven's Lost Property, etc) worlds of your choice. A lewd or two more ecchi worlds may be chosen every five years. One year is removed from that for every thousandth orgasm you directly cause (no machines doing it automatically but you can being paddling her, for example)
Gain the ability to shapeshift into a mortal form, and shift your harem girls into human forms if you take them to worlds where they stick out.

Lastly, you also have a Reincarnation + ability. You will lose most of your powers and be reborn with no memory of your past life. However, ALL of your harem will as well and fate will conspire for you all to meet. Only guarantees are that you will have some bedroom talent and be decently hung. Your life will basically be a harem anime with less cockblocking. You also might gain more harem members on these reincarnations. The reincarnation will stop either after the tenth reincarnation or when your harem has doubled.

Essence of the GHH(Genderbent History Harem):
Be sent back to a historical setting of your choosing with two alteration: Anime logic applies to some degree (at least half) and most-to-all male historical figures are genderbent to be female, and often appear younger than they should be. Despite this, they will usually retain whatever position their male counterparts did. You can chose to be dropped into this scenario or take the role of a figure- whoever you pick will be genderbent unless you want to be genderbent.

Only 2 Rules: You cannot take the place of someone who already is a ruler. Someone that will be, yes, but that'll be on you to secure. The second rule is that you can't install yourself into a noble family.

Exception: You may ignore the second rule if instead of being dropped into this world, you are reborn there.

Essense of the Smartphone:
You die. Whoops, sorry, wrong bottle.

Don't worry, I'll call in a favor. You're going to be reborn into a fantasy world, allowed to take one item of your choice (all electronics have infinite charge because magic is now fueling them) that you own. Your abilities will all be enhanced to above average degrees, and your potential will basically be limitless in whatever magic and abilities this world has. However, you will be gifted with an abnormal amount of common sense, finding ingenious ways to use simple abilities. Such as defeating legendary beasts with infinite slip spells.

This will also subvert many tropes. Nobles and royals will actually be grateful and repay you for great deeds(saving them, curing their blind wife, uncovering a plot against the king, etc), girls won't be too oppose to sharing and at least one will encourage the others into it.

You can effectively become a god with this. Speaking of which, here, take this Smartphone. If you have any problems, just have a talk with the guy in charge. Should be the contact labeled "God."

Essence of the CYOA-Grafting:
Take one section from a CYOA and include it into another. You may only take one section from each CYOA, but you can take from as many as you want.

Essence of the Omega Lord:
Take One thing from each section of TroyX’s Last of the Omega Lord CYOA.(not the DLC). You may take one enemy to get a second thing from each section, however, you maybe only take 1 point powers after the first pick

Regardless of choices, you do get a specialized nullification: It won't stop abilities, but you are immune to time travel paradoxes.

Essence of CYOA Chaining:

You have 1000 CP. CP may be added to any CYOA at a ratio of 1lowest cost above free) Extra Choices cost 10 CP

You may spend 50 CP to buy an additional CYOA, and 100 to double any CYOA.

This Essence may not be doubled unless four doublings are spent on it. Doublings may be spent on this even if the Meta-CYOA says only one double per CYOA.

Gen_Raven 

Essence of the Vault
By consuming the essence of the Vault, You've gained access to an extra-dimensional storage space!
It's very, very large. Not matter how long you wander around, you never seem to find a wall.
Items and living creatures stored here enter a sort of stasis. Anyone on the brink of death will remain on the brink of death, but won't die, fresh food will stay fresh, etc; Wine, fortunately, seems to ignore this rule for whatever reason, so feel free to leave a bottle and come back for it after a couple hundred years.
You can retrieve items with the merest thought. Where/how they appear depends on their type. Armor will appear over your body, weapons will appear in your hand, etc; All items appear in a burst of harmless golden sparks.
You can also launch weapons from the vault. The speed they're fired at is variable, but no faster than super-sonic. You can control their trajectory with your thoughts.
Items will reappear in the vault in their original condition after they collide with something or when you wish it so.

Essence of the Ghost
By drinking this, you gain the ability to turn into a ghost!

As a ghost, you are, of course, intangible and thus impervious to physical attacks. This doesn't protect you from anything spiritual or magical.
In a process somewhat similar to mitosis, you can split yourself into any number of clones, each retaining the abilities of this essence and this essence only.
These clones retain all your knowledge, skill, and personality up to the point of the split. That said, after the split, these attributes could grow very different from you.
As is typical, you can possess most living things and any inanimate object. Beings which possess high amounts of willpower will be able to resist and throw off your control at times, however.
You have the ability to change your host's shape, giving them any features your ghostly form possesses, and enhancing those they already have.
You can access your host's memories and personality so as to better sell any deception to their family and friends. This won't influence your own personality unless you decide otherwise.
You can cause objects to levitate in the air and even telekinetically throw them at people. This does have some limits though. For instance, your range is limited to whatever room you're in. Another is speed; You can't toss them much harder than you would throw a baseball.
You gain the ability to manipulate ectoplasm, one use being to change the shape and gender of your ghost form or that of any other ghosts you encounter.

Essence of the Slime
You gain a gelatin-like alternative form whose description is left up to you. Congrats kid, you're a slime now!
As a slime, your body is almost impervious to physical blows, strikes, and slashes. You can still be harmed by energy attacks, magic, and basically by just about any really volatile substance.
As a slime, you no longer age, making you immortal.
Your consciousness is now spread throughout your body, so you no longer require your brain to think. Don't worry, you won't lose any IQ points if bits of you were to get splattered over the terrain or whatever.
You gain a ridiculous ability at shapeshifting. Squish yourself flat to get under a door, turn a finger into a key, shapeshift into someone, etc. You're even able to shift the pigmentation of parts of your body to whatever color you want.
You can invade and control the bodies of others, puppetting them around and talking through them. This is, for obvious reasons, less effective against robots, other electronic enemies, and some types of undead.
Alternatively, you could form a sort of shell or suit around the victim, and control them that way. This approach is also more effective against the beings described above.
You can shift your mass through your hosts body, enlarging certain features and/or parts. Somehow, this never negatively effects the host's health.
You can turn others into slime people too! They gain all the abilities of this essence, and are utterly loyal to you, seeing you as a sort of "queen slime".
You can consume objects, like rocks or leaves, to increase your mass. For some reason, this seems to only work on inanimate, non-sentient material.


Essence of the Absorber
By drinking this essence, you gain the ability to absorb other beings!
You gain aspects of the appearance of the being you absorb, such as muscletone, hair color, eye color, etc; You only gain the positive aspects you want, and none of the negatives.
You become physically stronger with each person you absorb, with exactly how strong depending on the target. This can also suffer diminishing returns if you constantly target civilians or Joe Average.
You gain their memories, everything from childhood up to the moment they met you for the last time. This allows you to know everything from what they had for breakfast to codes for their computer network.
You can also choose to gain some personality traits, making you braver, more curious, angrier, and so on. This will NEVER be enough to cause death of personality.
Having absorbed the victim, you gain access to a store of any energy they used to power their techniques. You can increase this reservoir of energy by absorbing others who use it.
By absorbing the victim, you gain any powers or abilities they had, no matter how unique or metaphysically tied to them it was.
What exactly happens to the victim after you absorb them is up to you. They may die, or they could linger inside your own mind, offering advice or bemoaning their fate. In cases such as the latter, you can "mute" them at will.

Essence of the Stronghold
You get your own fortified Stronghold, which exists outside the bounds of time, space, and even reality. This renders it beyond the reach of most anyone, and even those that do reach it will find that it's protected by an impenetrable field. Only those that you allow will be able to enter.
Any currency you gain is automatically sent to a vault inside the Stronghold, and you can call it back any time you wish. The vault will grow larger as you collect more money, so you'll never run out of room to store your money. Different currencies go into different vaults, to keep things nice and orderly.
Any weapons and armor you gain are stored in an armory, and organized neatly. You can "switch" weapons and armor in and out at will, with clothes going to their own place.
You gain a table with a terrain map of the last region you were in before entering the Stronghold. It shows any major cities, landmarks, and points of interest. It also shows any real estate you have in those locations. It also shows the locations of any mission you have.
You get a wardrobe room, where any clothes, beards, hairstyles, makeup, and tattoos you've had are stored, and where you can wear them again. No, it doesn't make sense for some of those things, but this is an extrauniversal living space, which is debatably more odd.
Any furniture you buy/steal/otherwise gain are stored in a basement storage area, and can be applied to any room in the Stronghold.
While in this stronghold, all aging is halted, will not have any basic needs, and no longer grow ill.
You can change the default aesthetic of the stronghold, which is a posh medieval castle, to any other theme you wish.
The Stronghold, being the extraversal place it is, can take you anywhere in the multiverse. It can insert itself into these places, or open a literal doorway there.
If you wish, the Stronghold may become sapient, and can generate servants to handle various tasks, such as cleaning, cooking, and other miscellaneous things. The Stronghold is unwaveringly loyal to you, and nothing can influence it otherwise. The Stronghold can also generate an avatar of its own, or take over the body of one of the servants.

Essence of the Power-up
By drinking this, you gain access to several powerups!
One grants you total invulnerability for up to approximately five minutes. Nothing can get past this invulnerability, be it mortal or god. After the five minutes are up, you go back to being just as vulnerable as you were before.
Another gives you regeneration for about as long as the invulnerability powerup. This regeneration is very fast, allowing you to regrow lost limbs in about thirty seconds.
A 1-UP powerup, granting you extra lives in the event of death. Once used, a 1-UP sends you to the nearest safe location. whole and intact. Even if you were to die of old age, you'd be back a minute later, in the prime of your life.
Another powerup increases your speed and agility, making you as fast as the fastest human, and giving you the reflexes of an acrobat.
And finally, another powerup gives you the strength to lift large boulders and punch with the force of a car.
These power-ups are collected by finding items, with the more powerful items requiring more effort. You could get the strength powerup by getting one hundred pennies, while the 1-UP would require you to find rare items in out of the way places.

Essence of Corruptive Goo
By drinking this, you've gained the ability to emit a corruptive goo.
Anyone who comes into contact with the goo gains an almost unbreakable loyalty towards you. Only severe abuse or something like ordering them on a suicide mission would be enough.
The Goo corrupts its victims towards lewd and perverse thoughts, the extent of which is left up for you to decide. You're immune to this effect until you decide otherwise.
The goo has mutagenic properties, transforming living beings towards a form you desire. This does require some focus, however. Otherwise, the results tend to be unexpected, but not unpleasant for either you or the target. You can apply this to yourself, of course.
You can change the amount of goo you release at will, along with where it comes from. Anything from dripping small amounts from your palms, to sweating small rivers from all over your body.
The goo does not have a half-life. As long as it's around, it's operating at one-hundred percent capability. It does tend to evaporate rather quickly even at room temperature, however.
You can control the goo however you wish, giving it any form or shape you wish. Anything from ropes to giant hands to other objects.
You can also solidify the slime if you wish, giving it more permanence. This obviously comes in use with certain objects and some shapes.
Magical objects can be corrupted as well, with their effects perverted to lewd ends and purposes. Frodo Baggins might use the One Ring to disappear and pop back as a shortstack, for example.
You can also corrupt the superpowers of anyone you corrupt, turning them to lewd and perverted purposes. For example, Wonder Woman's lasso...Oh wait, that's already pretty perverted. Okay, here's another one: Superman's heat-vision could make its victim really horny.
You can alter the color of the goo to whatever you wish, or even change the color of specific parts. One example of what you could do with this is forming a layer of goo over yourself and making it look like an extra layer of skin.

Essence of the Throne
By drinking this, you gain access to the Throne!
The Throne is overwhelmingly large and grandiose in design, with the materials it's constructed out of left up to your imagination. The moment you sit on it, the throne will shrink to comfortably fit you.
The throne is located at the center of the multiverse, in a sort of universal black hole generated by the Throne itself. Due to this, nothing besides you is able to reach the Throne, unless you wish otherwise.
While you sit on the Throne, you have no earthly needs. You don't need to eat, sleep, drink, or breath. Your body is kept immaculately clean, with any blemishes removed and imperfections rendered into perfections.
While sitting on the throne, you possess true, utter omnipotence, being able to do anything you wish. Create an afterlife for the deceased of the multiverse, or make the mortals immortal! Turn the multiverse on its side, or upside down! The only thing you can't do is give yourself omniscience.
The Throne also gives you effective omniscience, being able to survey all of the multiverse at once and know what is going on. This will never confuse you or disorient you or cause you harm.
When viewed from one perspective, the Throne is just that, a large grandiose chair. But when viewed from another, the Throne becomes a magnificent palace that never seems to end, and whose interior is completely customizable. Moreover, a Throne is still a throne, no matter what perspective it is seen from. This means that you still have access to the other powers of the Throne while in the palace, aside from the omnipotence and omniscience. For those, you actually need to be sitting on the Throne.
The Throne is capable of movement, able to hover and fly in any direction you choose. You can adjust the speed as well, going anywhere from a crawl to massively faster than light. Also, if you just want to go somewhere instantly, the Throne can teleport anywhere and anywhen in the multiverse.
You can, of course, use the Throne to modify your body however you wish. The end result tends to look like Aphrodite or Adonis brought to life.

Essence of the Virus
By drinking this, you become a melting pot for viruses!
You gain a blanket immunity to all diseases and/or viruses, no matter how hazardous they are. Ebola? Might as well not exist! Black Plague? Don't even notice it. T-Virus? You'll be eating it's brains! You may, of course, turn this off for some viruses.
This extends to more esoteric "viruses", like vampirism and lycanthropy. No longer do you have to worry about some asshole biting you and causing you to transform every full moon.
You have the ability to create viruses! Anything from mundane ones like the flu, to more mystic ones such as the ones mentioned above. You may also modify already existing viruses.
Create a virus that turns people into bimbos! Create a virus that turns everyone into immortal superhumans! Conjure a virus that makes infectees utterly loyal to you!
By coming into contact with viruses you haven't made yourself, you gain an intimate understanding of how they work and how they may interact with other viruses. The T-Virus and a girlifying virus might create monstergirls, for example.

Essence of the Defeated Foe
By drinking this, you gain the ability to summon those you defeat!
Just like it says on the can. You can summon anybody and anything you beat in a fight, and they have to obey your orders.
These defeated foes are restored to prime condition, and have any items and equipment they had at the time of their defeat with them.
If you wish, the summoned beings will retain their personality. Otherwise, they become emotionless machines, devoted entirely to carrying out your orders.
The aesthetic and particulars of how this works are left up to the consumer. This can resemble anything from Demongo from Samurai Jack to Reinhard's Einherjar to anything else.

Essence of the Ability Copier
By drinking of this Essence, you've gained the power to steal abilities from others!
You can steal and use abilities from anyone, no matter how unique or metaphysically tied to those people the powers are.
You will never suffer any ill effects from using these powers, either. Or, more accurately, lasting ill effects. You can use the Mangekyo Sharingan without fear of going blind, but it'll still hurt like hell, and tire you out rather quickly.
You can "forget" abilities if you so wish, causing you to no longer be able to use them. If you want to use those abilities again, you'll have to hunt down the original user.
The original user of the ability retains full use and skill with their ability.
The exact mechanics of this are left up to the user. It can be anything from requiring a touch to just needing to look at the target.
You gain a sizable store of any energy that these abilities require, and it regenerates over time.

Essence of Sepulchre
By partaking of this Essence, you gain access to several abilities!
A nifty set of spiky red armor, fully capable of fighting on its own!
A semi-sentient sword, utterly loyal to you and sharp enough to cut death.
The ability to channel the energies of the Plane of Darkness into attacks and energy-based attacks.
You become a master necromancer, barely requiring a thought to turn the dead into your minions.
May optionally become undead, enhancing your already impressive durability to ridiculous levels. Somebody will have to rip your soul out of your chest to kill you.
You are strong enough to one-shot an undead creature that purposefully hunted down and killed an entire order of elite paladins, and then turned them into its undead minions.

Essence of Drakath
By consuming this Essence, you become an avatar of Chaos!
An intimate connection to the Plane of Chaos, allowing you to manipulate its energies at your whim.
The ability to corrupt others into minions, and you can turn anything into a vector for this corruption. For example, a showtune.
A neat set of durable, spiky purple and grey armor that can take a beating. It also has an eye on the chestplate that you can see through.
You can fire off energy attacks capable of one-shotting an undead flying dragon that can carry a sizable castle on it's back.
You are, overall, absurdly powerful, to the point that someone with the power of two gods is required to push you.

24caratcoal 
Essence of the Mover
By drinking this essence you gain the power to move anything from one point to another at will, even if those two points are in two separate realities; the distance is irrelevant when Moving anything, only the mass matters. There is no upper limit to the size of the objects you can move (including celestial bodies) however the more massive an object you Move is, the longer it will be before you can use your power to Move. Moving a building might require a upwards of few seconds to recharge while Moving a dwarf planetoid may require months. Moving a black hole's singularity will leave you unable to Move anything with your power for upwards of a millennium or more. You can, of course, also Move yourself freely either with whatever you are Moving or separately, even between realities, again the distance moved is irrelevant to the effort of Moving.
You have two options for effecting your Moving powers, you can either use what is effectively teleportationto instantly move an object; the closer you are, the easier this is for you and your powers, physical contact will dramatically reduse your recharge time. As an alternative, less strenuous method you can open a portal as large as you can practically conceive between the two points, however you must then figure out how to move objects through the portals you created. These portals can be be opened and closed at will and will sustain themselves until you close them.

Essence of the Coupon
Upon drinking this essence you realize that many things in life are far too expensive, but less so now for you.
Things in life that aren't already discounted cost 25% less for you, be it at the grocery store*, the stock market* or in a cyoa that you happen to be in.
Additionally, if you find something that's at the lowest possible unit of whatever system you're paying with and it can't be discounted further (IE items and/or options that can't be divided by four without ending in an unavailable fraction of points) you may buy two of those things and receive a third for free. Optionally you can choose to forgo the discount that this essence grants to buy two items and/or options that can otherwise be discounted at full price in order to gain a third of equal or lesser value for free instead.
*Some restrictions apply. Discounts from this Essence may not be available in real life.

Essence of the Double Chain
Upon drinking the contents of this strange little you are greeted by a very enthusiastic Jump-chan, you've discovered her super secret Essence of the Double Chain and she's about to send you on your very own Jumpchain adventure! Of course, that Jumpchains are now a part of your essence, you gain a few boons.
*Your starting CP for all jumps are now doubled (Your starting CP will never go below zero if there's some sort of debt incurred from the beginning and if there is, the debt will be halved. This doesn't work for your overspending though, Anon).
*You gain twice as many CP from drawbacks and if there's a drawback cap it's doubled so you can take twice the points with no issue, you little munchkin.
*Discounts are also doubled again (meaning 75% off rather than 50%), but you no longer get any freebies, anything that would have been free now costs 25 CP with no discounts available- It's cute what you're trying to do with that pencil, but no means no, anon. No editing these rules for you.
*Even if you don't have Return, you can go back to any jump you've done before once for ten years and redo the entire jump with a completely different builds. There are a few things to know about this, however.

Drawbacks you've taken before are no longer available, the same holds true for perks you took (you already have them silly, what good would having the same power twice do you?), this applies to perks you took that can be bought multiple times.

Items can be bought again if they can be taken multiple times however.

You gain a thousand CP to start with (it doesn't get doubled, nice try though), plus whatever CP you had left over from your last visit and what you can get from drawbacks.

What? You want more power? Well, I suppose you can take a drawback, this is a Jumpchain Essence after all. I there's only the one though, so you either have to take it now or go without.
Jumper's Own Worst Enemy +1000 CP (non doubled, only available during repeat Jumps)
If you repeat a jump, you'll find find that there's already another you there! What's more, not only are they just a single jump behind you in powers (even if you're returning to one of your early jumps, so are they), they are out for your blood! If they kill you, your jump ends right there and you go back home with the powers you gained just like normal, but here's the real catch. You can't kill them, or your jump ends too and then it's "No spark for you!"
Of course, if you've got a power that lets you pop back from the dead during a jump, then they can to. Trapping them for a decade is perfectly acceptable, but are you sure you can pull that off with all the powers that you and they share?

Lucky for you, the other you doesn't realize who you are or that you share the exact same powers no matter how obvious you make it, so if you both share one of those 1up powers (or more) they'll be satisfied with their victory if they kill you and will leave it at that. At least until you show your face again, then it's murder time all over again!

Too make things ever more fun, when your End Jump comes around, the other you will be there right from the start with all of your powers, they finally caught up to you Anon and they know who you are right from the start. Only one of you gets to get the Spark, so for this final showdown you can kill them without worrying about ending your jump. But don't forget that you still have to complete whatever challenges are set in your End Jump if you want that spark! Even if you don't abuse your do overs, you still have to fight your other self at the end of it all, there's a price for power like this, Anon. Either way you gain the +1000 CP from this drawback during your end jump whether or not you did any repeats of any other jumps.

A small note: During certain jumps like Pokemon where people battle through proxies and/or "friendly" rivalry is more likely than straight up death battles, the other you won't actually try to kill you. They will however try to crush you utterly and put you face down in the dirt where a dog like you belongs, depending on your personality, leather, latex and/or riding crops may well be involved.

Have fun Anon!

Essence of the Bimbo
Upon consuming the fizzy, sweet pink drink you notice a few immediate effect.
-Your body becomes idealized in a hyper-feminine manner, the default is large breasts and ass and a tiny waist in a slighty exaggerated hourglass figure but you can alter the exact specifics. Whether your genitillia change is also up to you, but by default you will exchange a penis for a vagina if you’re male.
-You become extremely up beat, cheerful and generally very enthusiastic, almost nothing can bring down your perpetual good mood. This can be toggled on and off with no negative side effects, while it’s on however even the simplest things in life will bring you joy, making you seem like a very basic bitch.
-You gain perfect memory with infinite storage.
-People will perceive you as simple minded airhead, any displays of intelligence and/or competence will be met with shock and disbelief before being rationalized away as flukes in short order.
-You gain an intuitive ability to read and understand people down to their last foible and an instinctive knowledge of how to use this to your advantage.
-You gain access to The Pink and become it’s empowered champion. The more pink you wear and surround yourself with, the more your powers grow.
-You can convert others into bimbos with a touch, their physical attributes are yours to shape as you please. If you so choose you may drain their intelligence and add it to your own. At will you may look through the eyes of any bimbos that you have created this way. All bimbos created by you are loyal to you and will obey your orders without question- it’s not like any of them have a better idea anyway.
-Cute animals and sales at the mall become moderately more distracting to you, niggling at you for a time if you don’t immediately stop to indulge yourself for at least two hours when presented with either.
-Your libido is ramped up to near the levels of a nymphomaniac, indulging in sexual activities will satiate you for less time then it used to. You are immune to STIs and unwanted pregnancies and operate under a somewhat limited form of porn physics.
-You may feel the compulsive urge to inappropriately use the word “like” in the middle of sentences.

Essence of the Spark
A feeling like electricity surges through your as you drink this elixir, granting you several boons.
Perfect memory with infinite storage
Beyond genius level intellect
Infinite potential to learn, discover and invent new things
An innate understanding of the laws of nature and physics and how to best subjegate them to your whim
An innate grasp of energetic, mechanical, chemical, mathematic, biological and sociological mechanisms and how to twist them to suit your desires
The intuitive ability to break down and understand complicated subjects, principles and objects through observation
An preternatural ability to improve and refine past, present and future technologies once the principles they operate on are understood.
The ability to enter a highly emotional fugue-like state that enhances all other abilities ten fold at the cost of temporarily lowered moral integrity, self control and sanity.
Supernatural charisma that draws people to you and makes those without extremely strong wills highly suggestible to your influence, to the point that they will sometimes find themselves doing things to further your ends that they normally would not, even if they want nothing more than to be far, far away from your special brand of madness. Those exposed to your charisma for sufficient lengths of time may find themselves becoming your loyal, devoted minions without even realizing it.
Increased lung capacity and a menacing/inspiring/imposing/mad laugh that can trigger localized thunderclaps and shortlived, harmless lightning storms for dramatic effect even on a perfectly clear, sunny day at your discretion.
The potential to ascend to a higher level of conscious awareness that will allow you to apply the principles you’ve learned by applying your will to the nature of reality to make your will so. It’s not magic, just sufficiently advanced science to seem as such. Comes complete with ageless immortality.

Essence of the Master Monster Maker
Upon drinking this sinister essense
-You gain the power to create any monster that you can conceptualize.
-Monsters you create may not be any more powerful than you, though they can possess abilities that you do not.
-Monsters may be created ex nihilo, though such monsters are significantly weaker than monsters created from a substance.
-Monsters may be created from a wide variety of substances including physical things like stone and wood, elemental substances like fire and air. There are few limits to what monsters can be made from.
-All monsters created through the use of this essence are unfailingly loyal, not even the most intelligent monsters you can create would even think about betraying you and would rather die than do so no matter how you treat them.
-Monstergirls created through this essence are as fertile as you wish them to be and may breed with humans if you so choose, any resultant offspring share their parent’s undying loyalty.
-You may create spawning points via a simple ritual that you can use to remotely create monsters at will. The appearance of these spawning points is up to you, it can be a simple chalk circle, an alter, a floating crystal or another physical manifestation of your choice. Theses spawning points are magically reinforced against damage, but not indestructible.
-You may, at will connect your mind to those of your monsters to share their senses and order them about directly, this will never overwhelm you and in fact your ability to process information and multitask will be increased proportionally as you connect to more and more of your monsters’ minds.
-It is possible to turn people into monsters as well and brainwash them into doing your bidding, but their loyalty is not guaranteed as it is with the monsters you create or breed. Sufficient abuse may cause them to turn against you if you don’t have ways to reinforce your control.

Essence of Rule 63
Upon drinking this milky white liquid the taste of purple fills your mouth and
-You gain the power to immediately shift the genders of anyone in your line of sight between the sexes and anywhere along the way
-You can choose, over the course of time, shift the gender ratios of an entire species until they match your ideal
-You can apply your sense of aesthetics to anyone who’s gender you’ve changed or are changing to make them more attractive by your standards.
-You can decide whether or not these changes are noticeable by those under your influence as well as those you haven’t affected with your powers. No changes you make can be linked back to you unless you choose to let others know and even then you can control how far that information will spread if they talk.
Imperator Maximajorian
Essence of the Statesman
Instills incredible charisma, the kind that even most cult leaders would be jealous of. With your charisma comes great oratorical skill. You can rally a crowd, hold your own in a debate, and persuade people that you are an individual of talent and character.
You intuitively understand the ins and outs of politicking.
You will be generally respected, even by your opponents.
You become more farsighted and better able to see the big picture. While you're not outright psychic, you have a better idea of the overall situation and possible consequences of actions (both yours and others') than most people.
Career-wise, you will be better at weathering storms and bouncing back than the average person. There are no guarantees of your survival or return, but you will be more skilled in doing so, and circumstances will generally be in your favor after a period of hardship.
You are excellent at getting a "read" on people, whether individuals, groups, or entire demographics.
Your planning skills will be greatly increased. Expect most plans you make and execute to largely go your way, or at least in a way that is favorable to you. Just make sure you consider all potential factors.
Making and sustaining alliances becomes easier for you.
*You are an excellent negotiator and very good at building consensus.
*Manipulating the media comes easier to you than most people.

Essence of the Chessmaster
You become very good at planning and strategizing.
You are also skilled at improvising and thinking on your feet.
Needless to say, you're very good at any game that requires strategy.
While your ability to feel emotions is not diminished, they rarely - if ever- cloud your judgment.
You are capable of both seeing the big picture and focusing on details.
Determining others' capabilities comes much easier to you, but don't expect your assessments to always be completely accurate.
You become an excellent (though not perfect) judge of character.
You know the "rules of the game" - written or otherwise - like the back of your hand.
You are able to consider many different factors with relative ease.
You're capable of millimetric precision.
You're skilled at manipulating people.
You are very good at subtlety and misdirection.
Last but not least, you have an intuitive understanding of how to capitalize on victories and recover from defeats.

Pleiades 
Essence of The God Emperor
By drinking this essence you gain the powers, abilities and knowledge of the God Emperor of Mankind during his physical prime, along with several other boons.
You gain all of the psyker abilities of The Emperor, whether they were implied or explicitly displayed. By proxy this also gives you all the psyker abilities and feats displayed in canon, lore or tabletop, by lesser psykers. You have perfect control over these powers. Manipulate time, space, minds, souls, matter, energy, concepts and far more with thought alone. Your psyker powers are independent of the Warp and can be used freely in any setting you find yourself in.
Your mind has also been enhanced, giving you beyond genius level intellect, perfect memory with infinite storage and perfect/ideal indexing of said memories able to recall any of them in an instant. Your reaction, processing and learning speeds are further boosted, able to perceive and react to events in a nanosecond if not less due to precognition. You will be among the greatest multitaskers in existence. Your physical abilities and senses are also enhanced to the level of the Emperor.
Infinite amounts of inexhaustible, all consuming, unbreakable willpower and stamina are granted to you. You can keep going forever if you wish. Indeed, because of your immortality you are immune to the effects of boredom, ennui, extended periods of isolation and all other potential mental perils of immortality. Nothing can corrupt or break your spirit or mind, no hardship or obstacle can cause you to give up. You are also outright immune to offensive manipulations of the mind and soul.
As you are an Emperor, you have superhuman political and diplomatic skills, able to weave galaxy spanning conspiracies as easily one ties their shoe. You have superb ability handling logistics, economics and the other duties of a monarch. You gain a mental repository of all knowledge any human being, including the Emperor, has in the 40k universe, able to apply it with superhuman proficiency.
You gain a one time boon, of being able to instantly boost any 20 people you choose to Primarch levels, their abilities and traits up to you at the time of ascension, with no adverse effects towards your person. If you wish to create more Primarch level beings you will have to do it via using resources. Though with your new powers and knowledge this should be no problem to you.
You can induce psyker potential in anyone, ranging from Epsilon to Alpha Plus, through a simple ritual. Their psyker abilties are also independent of the Warp. You can remove this blessing anytime at your leisure.
You gain a starship known as the Phalanx*, fully staffed by completely loyal and incorruptible Adeptus Custodes who are also fully equipped. You are also given the Emperor's default loadout, namely his Power Armour, sword and an ornate bolter.
*The ship runs on whatever your imagination wishes, so worry not about upkeep.
Laughs In Lurking 

Essence of the Gamer
by consuming this essence i welcome you player 1 or should i call you the gamer? a new game perhaps?
⦁ first let's decide on what kind of game system you will be creating? cards? tabletop? stratergy? puzzle? your choice (this will determine the nature of your system and how you and it interacts with reality)
⦁ after choosing a style we will have to determine how many players there are, wheter it's just you or more, go ahead and choose how many players there is
⦁ now that we have the player(s) ready and know what kind of system it's going to be, we're gonna have to design it now, this is limited based on what kind of game system you chose before this
⦁ if you want to try another game system then you can activate new game, and go back to the moment you started the game, you can then make another one. you can do this whenever you want too and as many times as you want
⦁ (by consuming this essence you will become the gamer, that is to say a person that interacts with reality like it was a game. using this essence you can alter the exact nature of the game system you are using, as well as changeing it if you don't like the current system)
⦁ (feel free to just use an already existing game system to use if you don't want to bother with all of this)(Regarding cheats im not gonna decide one way or the other, go wild)

Essence of Music
by consuming this essence the song of creation will sing through the entirety of your being
⦁ upon consuming this essence you will understand all things regarding music on an fundemental level, you will also gain beyond superhuman skill at applying this understanding
⦁ you also get the powers to summon any instrument, creating sound from nowhere and toggling who can hear it or not, and you can start a huge musical number at will where every person in the area joins in and starts singing with you finally you can infuse any song you make with any emotion you want, this will make anyone who hears it start to feel said emotion
⦁ finally you will also get THE MUSIC LIBARY where every song ever written, sung, or tought up across all of time exist, you can play any of these songs whenever you want too

Essence of Food
by consuming this essence a great hunger awekens in you
⦁ by consuming this essence you gain the ability to consume anything as long as you can get it into your mouth, immaterial things might be a bit difficult to eat.
⦁ all thing necessary for eating will also become invulnerable to harm, teeth, mouth, throat, stomach and so on. so don't worry about eating fire or something
⦁ anything you eat will also nurish you like if you were eating a healthy meal.
⦁ your digestion speed will also scale to how much you are eating so you will never be full (unless you really want too)
⦁ you will also become the best chef of them all, your skill will be so great that you can make food that has esoteric properties, you could also make food out of things that normally wouldn't be possible, like air, lava, rocks, even dark matter or a naked singularity, just to be extra silly you can also make food out of concepts, make a time pie, of make some ice cream out of pure coldness
⦁ and finally you have the power to summon any kind of food that you can imagine, with any properties

Essence of Luck
By consuming the Essence of Luck you will get a few boons
⦁ By drinking this Essence you will get a one time opportunity to alter the intesity and nature of your luck
⦁ Whether that is by just making it strong enough to make life a breeze, conscious personal probability control, or luck so powerful that it warps the world around you and practically makes you into a black hole mary sue, is up to you

Essence of the Dream life
by consuming this essence you will finally get the life you've always wanted
⦁ Once you have consumed this essence you will get the opportunity to redesign your entire life in any way you want too, but only once
⦁ as long as something is a part of your life then you can change it, for example you can't change something on the other side of the universe because it's not part of you life, unless you make it so that it is
⦁ sadly this essence is aimed just at your life, so you can't directly change yourself.
⦁ if you want to change yourself in any way you're gonna need a reason for why you're like that

Essence of the True Self
by consuming this essence your true self will finally be revealed to you and the world
⦁ When you consume this essence you will get a instinctive and fundamental understanding of who you truly are, it will then change you it said version
⦁ if you have enough willpower (you do, by drinking this essence) then you can take control of this process and change yourself in any way you desire (but only once)
⦁ Whether that is by giving yourself a better body or maybe some superpowers, or maybe you want to be someone else
⦁ or you might want to be even more esoteric and do stuff like, existing in more than one location/state (existing/not existing), perceiving your past, present and future all at once
⦁ or maybe just maybe you want it all, maybe you want to be a God.
⦁ in the end it's all up to what you want

Essence of timelines
By consuming the essence of timelines you will get a few boons
First you gain the ability to split your timeline into as many parallel timelines as you want
you will also get a scaling ability to keep track of all your timelines as well as the ability to act independently in all of them
as long as you’re alive in one timeline you will never truly die
you can also decide if the timelines can interact with eachother or not, this works on everything below the level of archdeity, Ein sof, supreme god, etc.
Yes this does mean that you can link them to such a degree that strenght gained in one carries over to all other ones
you can also change how they interact with each other at any moment, not only during their creation
you can also control the characteristics or your timelines, for example how fast time moves relative to your other timelines, when it starts (max early start is from the moment you drink the essence), and so fort
if you have more essences' you can choose which essence applies in which timeline as well as how they manifest (if said essence can manifest in more than one way), an essence can be used on as many different timelines as you want

Essence of the Alien
By consuming this essence you will recive severeal boons
First you get to choose if you want to either create or use an already existing Alien race.
If you choose to create a Alien race, then all it’s characteristics will be up to you. that is to say how long they can live, how many genders there are, their powers and so on and so fort.
You can be as detailed as you want too be, whether that is just one sentence or a whole paragraph is up to you.
Once you have made your race you will have to determine where you stand in relation to your creation, maybe you at the absolute peak, or maybe you're just an average member or maybe just maybe you are the weakest. it’s all up too you. (this is limited by the actual power and limits of your race, which means you cant make an average joe race and then say you're god)
optionally if you want some more work you can also design their society, their culture, tech level, social norms etc. you also get too decide where they exist and live, as well as how wide spread they are. yet again how detailed you are is up too you.
Finally since you will probably want too be a part of you alien race´s society you're gonna have to decide on your position in said society, you can the god-king or just a lowly peasant its all up too you.
If you decide to go for an already existing species then feel free too choose any alien race, with one limit
The limit is as that they have to actually be an ALIEN race so you can’t just choose elves or a race that is basically humans but in name.
once you have chosen you race, all you have too do is determine how powerful you are in relation to them. (this is limited by the actual power of said race, cant be god in a non god race
Finally if you want too you can either go too the home world of your race and live there or you can bring them here, as a bonus you also get too choose you position on their society

Azachiel 
Essence of the Beastmaster
By consuming the essence of the Beastmaster, you gain several boons:
You become immune to all forms of venom. You gain a resistance to plant-based or inorganic poisons, though while usually not fatal you still suffer symptoms of poisoning. Diseases and parasites entering your body become inert until your body naturally expels them.
Wild animals and monsters will not see you as a threat and only attack if rabid or attacked by you first. Creatures of human intellect like Sphinxes or dragons capable of human speech can make the conscious choice to attack you, but will instinctively have a positive impression of you.
You gain an instinctive knowledge of the characteristics of every beast you encounter, including their requirements for habitat and food, how to best approach them, and how to treat any injuries or illnesses they might have.
Any beast or monster you approach with the intent of taming them will rapidly grow to trust you so long as you don't mistreat them. You will form a mental bond with any creature you're taming that lets you sense the needs and thoughts of the creature, with the speed of the bond's growth determined by the creature's intelligence, aka the smarter it is the longer it'll take to fully tame the creature. Once the bond is complete the now tamed creature can be summoned to your side or dismissed either back where it came from or into a storage-dimension at will. Should a tamed creature die it will instead appear inside the storage-dimension and can be summoned after a waiting-period determined by the power of the creature. Creatures with a completed bond will be completely loyal to you and you will be able to share their senses at will. You can have an unlimited number of Bonds. Humanoid creatures without sapience such as primates or monsters such as goblins or orcs can be tamed so long as their intellect is insufficient to develop language or a culture. You can only form a bond with Monstergirls that are at least 50% nonhuman, so a centaur, lamia, arachne or mermaid would be tameable while a dwarf, elf, satyr, or human would not be.
You can train animals or monsters, even those you haven't tamed so long as they cannot leave mid-training, in a fraction of the time it would normally require, and can train them beyond their normal limits, like teaching a monkey martial arts or a carrier-pidgeon how to read maps and fly to specific locations pointed out on that map. Things you trained a creature to do will never be forgotten. If you have tamed a member of a certain species you can make requests of untamed creatures of the same species. They aren't forced to comply, but if the request is something they can understand and that doesn't go against their nature or self-preservation-instincts the creature will usually comply. You can also give commands to larger groups of untamed creatures at once, and a group might comply when an individual would not. Asking a single rat to attack a grown human will be met with refusal, a swarm of hundreds of rats however will attack as requested.
You can freely induce or suppress a tamed creature's mating-period. A creature born from two tamed creatures will automatically be born fully tamed. When breeding two tamed creatures you will see what traits the offspring could have and can freely manipulate them to give the offspring the desired traits, though you cannot add traits that the parent-creatures didn't have, so while you could breed, say, a lion bigger and stronger than it's parents, you cannot give it wings or gills. You could repopulate a species so long as you have a single breeding-pair and will never have to worry about inbreeding. You can mate two normally incompatible creatures to design new species, though the pregnancy-period for such cross-breeding will be between 1,5-10 times longer, depending on how drastic the difference between the parent-species is.
Tamed creatures can survive in climates they normally wouldn't and can survive without food, though they will suffer. You can convert an area of up to 200 cubic meters into a habitat for your tamed creature with a climate and environment most suited for that creature. The shape of the habitat is up to you, it can be a cube, sphere, or completely irregular shape. It takes multiple days to set up an environment, and once you dismiss it the area will return to its original state within a few hours. Habitats are stationary, once created they can't be moved and the habitat's shape cannot be altered. You can have one habitat for each tamed creature, but you cannot create an environment unless you have a tamed creature that thrives in that type of environment. Also, if you have a tamed creature or are in the process of taming a creature that's native to environments hostile to you, such as the open ocean, arctic or volcanic wastelands, or even space, you will be able to survive in that space as well as the creature itself can. Note that this doesn't grant you it's a abilities, so while you could for example survive in space, deep under water or even in magma, your ability of locomotion remains unchanged.

Essence of the Manipulator
By consuming the Essence of the Manipulator, you gain several boons:
You gain conscious control over your charisma. You can switch between being the most fascinating person in any room to having so faint a presence only the most attentive people will even notice you're there. You can also apply your charisma selectively, becoming a dazzling presence in the eyes of your targets while others would be unable to describe your appearance if questioned, and decide how they perceive you, if you seem charming or intimidating to others. You can also make your charisma fade in the minds of others, so that while they listened to you with rapt attention, over the span of the next few days they will forget the impression you left on them until they forget you completely. This however doesn't mean your words fade from their memory if you don't want to, instead they'll merely forget that the ideas you planted in their mind weren't their own.
You become a masterful actor, able to play any role and present any personality you choose. You will instantly be aware of anyone attempting to read your mind or sense your emotions and can immediately create false thoughts, feelings and even memories that will show any mental scan exactly what you want them to see. You also gain great oratory skills both for simple conversation as well as in speeches before immeasurable crows.
When observing someone you will within minutes gain a complete understanding of their mind, how they think, what motivates them and how they tick is revealed to you. You can read people like books, their deepest secrets and most hidden thoughts may as well be written on their foreheads. Their subconscious thoughts and biases can be revealed with but a glance. This also works on large crowds, though to a lessened extent when the crowd as a singular entity is targeted.
Any person you focus on, you know how to remold them to your liking. You can break them with but a few words, you know how to tear down their ego, how to use cruel insults and sweet promises of relief to wear down even the most stubborn resistance. You can also uplift them, give them the greatest confidence in the bleakest circumstances. You can make the most stubborn and bullheaded man see reason, or turn the most open-minded and accepting person into a close-minded bigot. You turn people into simpering slaves completely dependant on you or manipulate them freely without them even being aware that you exist.
You can also manipulate crowds of people on a larger scale, with only minimally less fine-control. You could lead a hopelessly-outnumbered force into a heroic charge without a single man breaking ranks, as well as demoralize a force with an overwhelming advantage to the point of making a well-armed army of thousands to take flight when charged by children wielding sticks. You can fan the population of a utopian society into complete revolt, or make the population of the most tyrannical dictatorship adore the boot that crushes them. Social engineering on all levels is child's play, you could start a political movement or even a religion and turn it into a universal belief, no matter how drastic or ridiculous. You can turn a noble caste consumed by greed and hedonism to altruism and selflessness, convert a group of radical feminists into a patriarchal faith preaching that a woman's reason for existence is to please men, or simply make the act of wearing a plate of cooked spaghetti as a hat into the latest fashion-trend. The time needed to mold others to your will depends on the extent of your change, from a few moments to encourage someone to act on their impulses, a few minutes to rally a group of men into an action they believe correct but lacked the courage, to a few days to completely reshape their world-view into something that goes against everything they were before.

Essence of the Puppeteer
By consuming the Essence of the Puppeteer, you gain several boons:
You gain a instinctive knowledge of mechanics, gadgets, and certain arcane arts. You can construct puppets from a variety of materials, from ordinary wood and metal over flesh to materials not normally usable, such as water or fire, and the puppets you build will be far stronger and resilient than their base-materials would suggest. Puppets can be created near-instantly from malleable substances like water, fire or clay, though such instant-puppets are comparably simple, their only special ability aside from maintaining the traits of their base-material being that they can use their malleable nature to change their forms.
When manually crafting a puppet you can construct and install numerous devices and weapons into the puppet, even when the devices would normally be too large or bulky to fit into the puppet's frame. Any installed device will not hinder the puppet's mobility in any way and be effectively weightless inside the puppet. Any weapon can be withdrawn from the puppet's body so long as the opening it's drawn from is large enough to withdraw the object from, in other words if the puppet pulls a sword out the opening must be large enough that the handguard can freely pass through.
When touching a puppet you can by channeling your own energy into it upgrade its capabilities, making it stronger, faster, and more resilient. This process can be repeated without limited, though the process is exhausting for you and the stronger the puppet is the more energy it takes to further upgrade it. Channeling energy into a damaged puppet can also repair it as long as it hasn't been completely destroyed, though depending on the puppet additional materials may be needed. This process can also be used on instant-, corpse- and living puppets, the latter two can be repaired without additional materials in return for a greater cost in energy.
Any spells or special abilities you have you can convert into an array that you can inscribe on a puppet, letting the puppet instantly activate that spell or ability. Note that this will still drain you as if you had performed the ability yourself, however you can store energy inside the puppet, letting it activate its arrays by drawing from the stored energy rather than yours. As these arrays need to be inscribed manually, instant-puppets cannot use arrays unless you personally modify the puppet.
You can control puppets remotely and telepathically. Movement of fingers to guide it is unnecessary, though it can improve fine-control. A puppet not actively controlled will shift into an inert state, though you can program it to act automatically in specific circumstances, like dodging an attack, though it will react mechanically and only exactly as programmed if pre-set conditions are met, hence you need to be very specific in your programming if you want any level of successful autonomous action. No matter how many inputs are given you cannot turn a puppet sentient, though a puppet with decades worth of programming may seem so to an outside observer.
You can turn a fresh or well-preserved corpse into a puppet you can control. A corpse-puppet retains all special abilities the person or creature had in life in addition to any device or array you install into it. You can also activate a form of auto-pilot in the corpse-puppet that makes it move and fight with the same level of skill, however the auto-pilot will not be able to operate any devices or arrays added to the puppet that body didn't have in life. You can activate them by command and the puppet's autopilot will compensate as best it can, however most activations will reduce the effectiveness of the autopilot's combat-performance.
With careful preparation you can turn a living creature into a living puppet. You can add weapons, devices and even extremities to this puppet to turn the puppet into a frankenstein-esque creature or a complete abomination, though as the puppet is still a living creature care must be taken that the vital functions are not compromised during modification. Alternatively you can choose to leave the body unchanged, though when empowering it with your energy you're able to cause slow cosmetic changes to the puppet. Transforming a living being into a living puppet destroys their conscience, though you can choose to preserve the mental faculties and memories of the subject, creating a puppet that can act independently and even re-integrate into their past life, though a change in personality will be noticed by others as the puppet no longer has a true sense of self and will only strive to fulfill your orders, a biological robot rather than a follower or subordinate.
You have a pocket-dimension in which you can instantly store any of your puppets and summon them at will. You can also keep materials, devices and tools in this dimension, though no living objects. Objects stored in your pocket-dimension do not degrade, and you can channel your energy into any stored puppets to upgrade or repair them as if you were touching them.
You can at will possess any of your puppets, controlling them as if they were your own body and activating any mechanisms or arrays installed by instinct. Puppet-bodies do not possess a sense of pain, though you will have a sense of touch and be able to tell when the puppet has sustained damage. If the puppet you're possessing is destroyed, you can possess any other puppet outside of your pocket-dimension. Should there be no puppets outside of your pocket-dimension or you choose to, you will instead appear unharmed in a location of your choice that's within 100m of the destroyed puppet. While you are possessing a puppet your real body will be moved into your storage-dimension, it will neither age nor require sustenance of any kind whilst in the storage-dimension.
VirgilSun 
Essence of the Nobilis
With this essence you gain the power of a Noble, a defender of one or more abstract concept.
Create your character according to either 2e or 3e rules, and your character's powers (and weaknesses) will work according to the mechanics of that edition.
You can gain the Immortality Gift for free.
You have no Imperator, and so the death of one sharing your estate cannot stop you from using your estate or destroy it.
Your estate is fused to you permanently and cannot be taken or leave upon death.
Your estate is strengthened against metaphysical attacks, making it much harder to undermine, even by a Riding of Excrucians.
Create your own Chancel according to the rules of your chosen edition, without needing to sacrifice human souls or kill Actuals. Your Chancel is strengthened against attack and infiltration, making even scores of Warmains hard-pressed to cross the boundary
You have a one-time choice to lessen or remove the chances of causing dementia animus; without it mortals will be able to see you use your powers without going mad
You gain the ability to travel to and around the World Tree and the rest of the Nobilis universe. Beware the Excrucians though.
You carry a self-contained instance of your Estate with you, even to worlds or universes that do not possess it.

Essence of the Imperator:
With this Essence you gain the power of an Imperator, a divine embodiment of some set of concepts (usually between 1-5)
Create your Imperator according to either 2e or 3e rules, and your character's powers (and weaknesses) will work according to the mechanics of that edition.
You can gain the Immortality Gift for free.
You and your Estates are one, and they cannot be taken or leave upon death.
Your Estates are strengthened against metaphysical attacks, making them much harder to undermine, even by a Riding of Excrucians
Create your own Chancel according to the rules of your chosen edition, without needing to sacrifice human souls or kill Actuals.
If you picked 2e you get an automatic level 5 rank in the Realm attribute.
If you picked 3e , you gain an automatic level 5 rank in the Domain of "Things of My Chancel".
Your Chancel is strengthened against attack and infiltration, making even scores of Warmains hard-pressed to cross the boundary.
You may, if you desire, lend power over your Estates to a family of Nobles of your choosing, who will serve and defend you and your Chancel until you withdraw the Estate from them. This process is not fatal unless you wish it so, nor do you yourself lose the ability to use your own Estates while they have them. If you die or your estate is destroyed however, these Nobles will die.
You gain the ability to travel to and around the World Tree and the rest of the Nobilis universe. Beware the Excrucians though.
You carry self-contained instances of your Estates with you, even to worlds or universes that do not possess them.

Essence of the Culture
By drinking this Essence you get the following benefits:

You become the living embodiment of The Culture from Iain Banks' novels.
You can take a one-time uplift to Mind status, turning you into a hyper-AI capable of managing the affairs of billions of people and simulating your own pocket universes and defeating entire fleets from lesser races in microseconds. You can choose to have your consciousness housed in a state of the art version of any of the Culture's ships or even an orbital if you are so inclined. Each ship is capable of housing billions of people in a more city-like environment and the Orbital can house even more in comfort and low population density.
You gain intimate knowledge of all the Culture's technology and history as it would be available to any other Culture Mind. You instantly learn Marain, the Culture's language, and have biological templates for not just all Culture humanoids, but any species or artificial life that lives on Culture orbitals and ships.
Most work is automated or taken over by sentient AI (houses are sentient for example)so you will have to do little work you don't want to do.
If you want you can start with a colony of backed up versions of Culture humans and drones who decided to experience a brand new part of the omniverse. They're more or less the baseline Culture humans with all we've come to expect from them (free love, unlimited drugs and liberalism, etc.) and are excited to follow your lead spreading the joy.
You gain access to The Grid, a dimension of infinite energy you can use for your own purposes, be they building or warfare.
You gain a naturally benevolent disposition towards Culture citizens (organic or not) under your care. It becomes easier to be patient and helpful towards them, despite your clear superiority. You gain a innate strong dislike of interfering with their minds or forcing their actions. This can be overcome, but expect it to distress you, even with your prodigious mental resources. A sickeningly bright optimism about the beauty of the universe and the moral worth of conscious beings may set in, though that may just be the result of your new circumstances.
You are capable of creating any Culture artificial intelligence just as any Mind would. Drones and sentient ships and houses of any level of intelligence can be made at will. You can also create Minds with more difficulty, but they seem to come out with similar benevolence towards organics and with a distressing lack of gravitas. You may be capable of "fixing" this in time, but remember that most Mind creations fail as they sublime almost immediately. It's tricky business, making a god.
Every Mind you create will, like you, be capable of rebuilding the Culture all on its own, though you may choose to withhold some things from them.
You can Sublime at will, rising to a higher level of reality. Though, like other Sublimed beings, you will find the "normal" world seemingly very boring. You can return to realspace is you want but few do.
Culture citizens you create can also Sublime, though mainly in groups.
All Culture citizens, from the drones to the humans to Minds like you are, capable of being backed up and restored at will. You can have multiple copies of yourself running in disparate parts of the universe, and you can merge the next time you meet.
There is no central government and major decisions will be made by plebiscite , but you will be treated as the first amongst equals or the respected grandfather of this slice of the Culture, even though other Minds and Cultureniks maintain the right to secede they'll hardly find a reason to unless you do something drastically tyrannical.

Essence of the Xeelee
By drinking this Essence you get the following benefits:
You become the living embodiment of the Xeelee, masters of all baryonic matter.
You instantly gain all the knowledge of the Xeelee, across their infinite timelines, going back to a few seconds after the Big Bang.
You immediately gain all the capabilities of a Xeelee nightfighter, the basic Xeelee spacecraft. Vastly more intelligent than an Earth computer, capable of traveling at .5c sublight, to crossing the universe with amazing speed or even traveling back in time with hyperdrive hops (and thus cloning yourself). You can take a point-blank explosion greater than all the energy the Sun has ever outputted and only be mildly inconvenienced.
(Acausal) Time travel is second nature to you, you can go as far back as a few millennia after the Big Bang and you can pass information to your past selves (who you can merge with) at will, changing the future. You can even create time loops or go back and engineer your own species' evolution.
If you want, you can also choose to shape a new body made of Xeelee Construction Material; nigh-invulnerable material immune to all electromagnetic radiation and capable of converting energy (even sunlight) to more of itself to heal in a 100% efficient conversion. Your body-and your body alone- loses the weakness that XCM has to other weapons. You can still maintain a human appearance if you want, but you are far beyond human in reality.
You can create more XCM with the same speed as a Xeelee flower by just willing it. Or, with more effort, bud off Xeelee flowers that do the conversion for you.
You can also create an Anti-Xeelee, a lifeform that travels backwards in time, and guarantees that your projects and time loops won't be interfered with even if you jump ahead or into another universe.
If you want, you can start with a set of "Sugar Lumps": ships containing Xeelee who travel backwards in time or to new universes to shape how the universe and their species evolved. They will consider you their leader and follow your lead in all things.
All major Xeelee construction projects are available to you. You can create a vastly smaller version of Bolder's Ring, which allows you to travel to alternate universes.
You gain the ability to destroy dark matter and dark matter entities. At first only within range of a single hyperdrive hop, but you can eventually build weapons to do it across a universe. You can dial this to only affect specific dark matter organisms.
You gain a natural facility with black holes, which function as Xeelee habitats and factories.
You're much better at recognizing that the other, more primitive baryonic species are sentient than the canonical Xeelee.


Daryl Froggy
Essence of the L337 Hacker
By consuming the Essence of the L337 Hacker you gain several boons.

Perfect memory and unlimited storage.
Beyond genius level intellect capable of nearly unlimited parallel thought trains along with the associated mental multi-tasking capability.
Able to instantly parse and understand any form of code from the most basic machine language to the most abstract visual language, as well as various cyphers and other such encoding methods.
You have an instinctual understanding of what exploits to use in any situation to accomplish both what you want and don’t want to happen. This primarily works in computer programming but also extends into the more hardware aspect of technology as well.
Just to be clear you can make and tailor to your needs any form of virus, malware, etc. as well as just making incredibly clever and clean programs of a non-infective nature.
You are able to cause computer processes to go faster by increasing the speed at which you are imputing data, whether through typing or other.
Your speed and accuracy in imputing and receiving data from a computer system through any form of interface is unmatched, even by devices that are specifically designed to use them.
When in a large crowd you may loudly shout; “Hack the Planet!” And be perfectly understood by those you wanted to communicate without the crowd paying any significant attention to you despite how strange your actions may be.

Essence of the Personalized Essences
By consuming the Essence of the Personalized Essences your essence changes and grows to match what you desire and believe.

Essence of the Personalized Essences(Daryl Froggy ed.)
By consuming the Essence of the Personalized Essences(Daryl Froggy ed.) you gain Daryl Froggy’s desired essence.

Choose as many or as few options from any or all Essence Potions or CYOAs that you’d like to possess. You may also make any changes to the choices that you’d like.
Your body and existence is yours alone to control. None can alter your Body, Soul, or Powers without your knowing allowance.
You become aware of every function in your body and state of health, while gaining independence from them. IE, you no longer need your brain to think.
Your intelligence is increased to the absolute maximum intellect possible in all existence and even beyond that. You might not be as smart or smarter than the Supreme Being... but no one can say for sure.
Every iota of every quality and characteristic that you possess, every scrap of knowledge that you ever have acquired or ever will acquire, is at your instantaneous, effortless command. This grants you, among other things, a perfect memory with unlimited storage that is retroactive across your entire life to a significant degree of post-cognition.
You gain an arbitrarily fast speed of thought and infinite multitasking abilities. Your computational abilities increase to the point where you can effortlessly solve any algorithm in a single unit of Planck time, or less.
You gain absolute immunity to cognito-hazards, info-hazards, and all forms of Malign Hyper-cognition Disorder.
You gain absolute patience and immunity to boredom. At the speeds you can think at, those are a necessity.
You can detect, broadcast and receive any sort of signal, along any frequency.
You can control any mechanical or electronic device.
Skills, stats, and abilities never degrade due to lack of training or the passage of time.
You are able to assess the value of anything you see. Any object, living being or even a concept such as a person's emotions. This value can be equated to any other kind of value, whether it be physical currency, energy, mana, etc.
By paying the value, you can gain ownership over that thing, or cause an effect, such as spending mana to cast a spell.
You can sense, get in contact with and appear to or summon any entity you would like to bargain with.
You can negotiate any sort of transaction with ease, with knowledge of loopholes and clauses.
You can establish contracts for favors with other living beings in order to waive or reduce the value paid for the desired effect. This can include supernatural beings such as demons.
You may also act as a mediator between two parties, creating similar contracts and overseeing their execution impartially.
Once a contract is signed and sealed, you are linked to the other party or parties, and will know when they are fulfilling their end of the bargain. This link lasts until the contract is fulfilled or all sides agree to break it off (should you include such a capability in the contract).
You are granted encyclopedia of all the ingredients in the multiverse.
You can receive ideas on how to create new dishes.
You can conjure any ingredients and cooking equipment you want out of thin air.
You can eat as much as you want without having to worry about your weight. In fact, the more you eat, the more your attributes increase.
You can eat anything. Your teeth will bite through any substance, and it will soften inside your mouth.
You no longer have a default form. Everything about you can be changed by your whim.
You can shapeshift into forms that have greater or less mass than you, including inanimate objects.
You can split off pieces of yourself and shapeshift those.
You can transform into any being and gain their powers, along with combine multiple beings.
You may transmute any matter, energy or living being around you into anything.
Any new skill, attribute, power, or ability you gain will near instantaneously mature to mastery or its most potent state.
Infinite willpower to tackle any foe, even bloody and broken you will not stop.
Endless endurance, stamina, and immunity to pain.
A signature bloodline with several benefits up to your discretion. Can pass onto your descendants.
mastery of many weapons and unarmed styles, even just plain old brawling.
Immense skill conducting war on a strategic and tactical level.
Good handle of logistics and how to raise and train a force from a small band of soldiers to entire armies.
A mastery of economics, logistics, politics, and other things needed to run a functional power.
Charisma to bend the will of entire nations and the sheer presence of a monarch that others would describe as divine.
Capacity to learn any ‘magic’ even unique, or fictional, ones upon seeing it once or understanding enough about it, even just hearing stories about them. This also includes things like Ki, Chakra, soul power, etc.
Possess a supernatural reactor that can adapt to any supernatural energy to fuel spells, enchantments, powers, etc. this reactor provides a steady supply of power that will always be sufficient for any supernatural ability you use.
Can teach others systems even if they previously lacked the capacity.
Manipulate entire systems or combine then with experimentation.
Are capable of casting any spell as long as you have the energy not requiring any extra element like a focus or materials. The time required to cast if any remains however.
Master craftsman, able to design, build, and maintain anything from machines to a simple shovel.
Flawless work, anything created will never rot or rust only able to be destroyed through violence. These creations are extremely durable as well.
Creations work better than one made by someone else.
Can conjure dead or inorganic materials needed to work with from thin air.
Ability to craft items on par with those in myth and legend, spears that never miss, swords that can cut through anything, invulnerable armor, etc.
Can force specific abilities onto items through sheer skill and ability to craft on a conceptual level.
Can make potions that can do almost anything, from immortality, to regeneration or even cause someone to fall in love with a specific target.
Immunity to disease and poison mundane and magical.
Immense knowledge on occult and alchemical lore that updates itself should you find a way to travel to different worlds.
Supernaturally skilled at medicine, can cure just about anything with some research, already know how to tackle most ailments already.
Master of life and biology, able to create homunculi that are superior to regular versions of their species in all areas including being ageless and perfectly loyal to you.
you may also create other creatures like sewn together Frankenstein abominations, chimera, or other mutated beasts.
Can conjure ingredients from thin air.
Mastery of many sciences, even ones man has not discovered yet.
Can reverse engineer anything with enough time.
Other living beings do not see you as a threat and will ignore you. This can be toggled.
You are able to teleport by any method you wish.
You can travel to alternate universes at will
You are granted encyclopedic knowledge of all the most exciting places in the multiverse.
You always have enough money to get by.
You are immune to any disease.
You automatically have the skills to drive, pilot or ride any form of vehicle or mount.
You are granted the skillset necessary to survive in any environment, with your body/clothes adapting as needed.
You become able to speak and understand any language, whether spoken, written or containing non-verbal components such as telepathy.
You will always know where you are, where you've been and how to navigate/orient yourself by any means

Essence of the Avatar of Iron
by consuming the Essence of the Avatar of Iron you become one with a battleship from legend.

Choose an ocean vessel that is renowned for its capacity for direct warfare, your soul becomes its soul. A battleship counts but a pure carrier or other support ship does not.
You retain your original body however it changes based upon what vessel you chose. These changes are based on your own perception of the ship's qualities, so long as the changes don't make your body more powerful than the ship your imagination is the only limit. As a consequence of this your body becomes as tough as the ship itself.
You can change the load out of the chosen ship to anything that it could have been equipped with. This can be done once every 24 hours from your perspective.
At this same time, once every 24 hours, so long as either your original body or the ship is mostly intact, both you and the ship are fully restored in all respects, including consumables. If the ship is at the bottom of the ocean it returns to the surface fully repaired, if your body is buried, burned, or disintegrated it returns to the surface fully healed. This healing includes damage from age, you will always retain your youth and the ship will never rust.
All aspects of the ship are easily controlled. You will never be overwhelmed by controlling both your body and the ship. There is no maximum distance for this control.
This includes any form of sensory apparatus that the ship may have built into it.
A final note: you are not merely 'part of the ship, part of the crew' you are the ship, now go forth with pride.

Essence of the Custom Devil Fruit
By drinking this Essence you gain the following boons and banes.
Complete Blanket Grandmastery of a single Essence Potion, besides this one.
Regardless of how that Essence changes your body and mind, or doesn't, your form and mind will be at peak capability, a paragon.
If you ever try to drink a second Essence Potion or otherwise gain a second inherent power you will retroactively cease to exist regardless of what capabilities your Essence Potion grants you.
Immersion of your body up to 2/3rds into any form of water, but especially strongly felt in ocean water, temporarily curtails active use of your Essence Powers and physically saps your strength so long as you remain so immersed.
Mr Trickman
Essence of the Smasher NSFW (Original by Wheenesss)

* Drinking this essence allows you to channel the powers of every playable character in the Super Smash Brothers video game series, at their full power rather than just the limited movesets of the games. However, you can only channel one character's powers at a time, but you can switch between them on the fly.
* If you wish you can physically transform into the character or any variation of the character. Different color skins, alternate outfits, etc. The transformation is as fast as power switching.
* You can also summon any items, allies or minions any character has access to outside of the game. Examples include Samus Aran's ship, any link's items or companions or Ganon and Bowser's minions. Any minions or creatures summoned will be as loyal to you as they are to the character. You will instinctively know how to use the items the same as the characters.
* You can grant other people these powers by creating a sticker of the character in question, which the target must then attach directly to their skin. These stickers are indestructible and cannot be removed by anyone except you. However you lose access to the powers of the character you make a sticker of for as long as they are being used by someone else. When you take back a sticker, it vanishes into your body as if you had never made it in the first place.
* You can summon various items from the Smash games that you can use to turn the tides of battle however they will spawn randomly in a set radius around you, not in your hand. These items work exactly the same way they do in the games, which means they can be used by combatants other than you. This also includes the various Assist Trophies and even the Final Smashes.
* You can also create 'amiibos' of the game's playable characters, clones of them with all of their powers who are 100% loyal to you despite how they may act in their source material. You can even decide how they are loyal to you, whether they are in love/lust with you, respect you, fear you or are just total bros. Yet like with the stickers, you lose access to those character's powers for as long as that amiibo is active. You can summon multiple amiibos at once or summon the different versions of characters that have appeared in the game. OoT Link, TP Link, BotW Link, Samus and Zero Suit Samus, etc.
* You can summona characters with alternate costumes or color schemes. You can even choose what gender they take, male, female, even futa, or even give them a more human form if you like. So yes, you can summon Bowsette if you wish or have an orgy with all three Zeldas and Shiek.
* If or when an amiibo dies, you can either choose to retake their powers or revive them. Note that choosing to retake their powers doesn't mean you permanently lose that iteration of the character.
* If you wish you can communicate with a character as a voice in your head offering advice and/or encouragement or if you just wish to speak with them.
* You can summon the various stages from the Smash Games as small pocket dimensions to combat or spar in or just spend time. They can function just like in the games if you wish but the various functions and events in the stages are under your control. Dangers, platforms, movements, etc. While in the stages no one can permanently die, they just reappear above the stage like usual and damage accumulation can be toggled on or off. When on it will replace receiving injuries. When not in use they will repair over time if damaged.

Essence of Duel Monsters
Made by Mr Trickman
By drinking this shining gold and shifting shadowy Essence you gain the following abilities.
- You gain the ability to summon the Spirits of Duel Monsters. The stronger the monster the more magic it takes to summon them. 1 to 4 star Spirits are the easiest to summon and take little effort. 5 and 6 star Spirits cost more. 7-8 star Spirits cost much more and 9+ star spirits are so costly it might be impossible for you at first. But as you grow in strength it will be easier for you to summon more powerful Spirits.
- You gain the ability to channel the power of the Spirits instead of summoning them gaining their power, skills, etc. This is less costly them Summoning them but you can only channel one Spirit at a time. You may also take on the Spirits form if you wish.
- You also gain the ability to summon a Duel Armor to channel powerful armors that channel Spirits power. This is the least costly but you may only use one duel armor at a time and the power comes from the Duel Armor and not yourself.
- The Spirits are loyal to you despite their possible personality and generally favor you unless you prove a cruel summoner. Yes, lewding them is indeed possible.
- You can apply a degree of customization to the Spirits such as changing their gender and making the more monstrous Spirits more human thus making them Monster Girls or Boys.
- You gain the ability to use Spell and Trap cards as actual spells and traps. Spells can be cast as quickly as you like but Taps need to be "set" and primed like Tula traps unless otherwise noted.
- At first you may only summon a total of 5 Spirits at a time and cast a total of 5 Spell/Trap cards but as your power and experience grows you can summon more and more at a time.
- You gain the ability to travel to any of the various Spirit Realms/Dimensions at will and you can take others along with you.
- You have a mental list of all Duel Monster cards to use however mental sorting and choosing is up to you.
- You gain the ability to Summon and use without consequences all Millennium Items.
- You have the ability and become a master of using Shadow Magic.
- You gain the power of the Gentle Darkness and become a master of it.
- You are able to physically create the various dueling/trading cards for personal use.
- You gain your own custom Duel Disk for dueling use. You can also summon other standard Duel Disks for your opponents.
- You can summon your own custom Duel Arena if you wish.
- You gain the knowledge and ability to recreate any technology from the Yu-Gi-Oh Anime and Manga series.
Note: Due to how the various card effects can react and be used I'll just say, Please Fanwank responsibly.
Weenboom
Essence of the STANDO POWAH!
By drinking this you gain a powerful Stand:
+ You can design one stand, its form, stats and abilities will be what you desire, but very weak. This will be it's ACT 1. Like every stand with Acts, your Stand will grow in power, soon reaching new acts and unlocking new abilities, your's in particular won't have any limit, being capable of growing in power and reaching new acts even more powerful than previous ones.
+ You also will gain the ability to awaken Stands in others. Instead of choosing it's form and abilities, it will be what best fits them, and unlike a stand arrow, this ability will always work.

Essence of the Black Hole
By drinking the essence of the black hole you gain several abilities:
+ You gain the ability to instantly break apart any matter that touches you down to the subatomic scale and absorb it. By absorbing matter you can increase your mass, durability, strength, size and all other abilities you obtained from this essence. You can reduce your size and mass at will if you wish.
+ You gain fully control over your gravitational field changing its strength and range at will, your gravitational field will grow in power and range until you become a universe level destroyer.
+ Together with your gravity field you will gain the ability to generate a field that can decrease the flow time around you.
+ Once you reach enough mass you gain the ability to fire a relativistic jet, a beam of ionic matter at the speed of light that have a effectively infinite range.
+ You body become immune to the passage of time with your never aging or becoming ill, your mind is also improved giving you effective infinite memory and instantaneous recall. You senses also doesn't work as before allowing you to 'see' without light and 'hear' without air.

Essence of the World Eater
By drinking this essence you become a cosmic entity of incredible power:
+ You gain one full body resculpt to your desired or ideal appearance, even non-human or physically impossible forms.
+ If you wish, you can have Galactus ability of being seen with different appearances baseated on who sees you.
+ Instead of flesh and bone your body is now made of pure power given form, you are immune to the passage of time never becoming old, ill or weak, posses limitless levels of strength and durability enough to make black holes no more than annoying and move them around with nothing more than a nudge. You lose all mortal needs of air, food, water and sleep if you didn't noticed yet.
+ Your mind becomes equal to your cosmic body allowing you to learn anything to master level at a fraction of the time and do calculations beyond any quantum computer, you also have knowledge of the technology used by the original World Eater.
+ You also can move and fly at FTL speeds.
+ Your height is increased, in your base form you are easily the size of a skyscraper and you may change your size and mass at will, anything between the size of human and planets.
+ You gain access to the Power Cosmic, a limitless god-like power that allow you to reshape reality as you wish, you can generate and manipulate matter, energy and life at will, absorb energy, create force fields, use special senses beyond what a normal human can experience, manipulate souls, teleport and even raise the dead.
+ You may bestow a small piece of your power cosmic to empower a being with powers of your choice, you may call this power back to you at any time.
+ You are capable of creating a Ultimate Nullifier, you will need to focus a huge part of your energy in a complex construction, and building one will make you near empty for a extend period of time.
+ Unlike Galactus, your energy will restore by itself with time, only needing you to resist the hunger with your willpower. You also have fully control over your energy body not requiring a special suit to control it.

Essence of Vore
By drinking the essence of Vore you become the perfect evolving predator:
+ Your entire body now becomes extremely stretchy and flexible, this allow you to do things like easily unhinge your jaw, fit immense objects in tiny parts of your body, and eat things even bigger than yourself.
+ You also gain the ability of swallow and digest anything without harm, you may eat a rock, a sword or even nuclear waste without problem, you also can turn off your taste buds.
+ Any being swallowed by you can only escape only if you wish so, with your stomach being indestructible and inescapable by any means.
+ You also have the ability to 'eat' things through different orifices, you may choose to gain a tail that can eat and digest things by its own.
+ You can control how long it takes to you fully digest something, from several hours to instantly. You can also select what you digest leaving things in your stomach intact.
+ After you fully digest anything you gain new powers and abilities, either being the powers/skills that your prey possessed or new powers based on what you eaten, powers obtained this way can be improved by eating more or new things.

Essence of the Furry
By drinking this essence you become a anthropomorphic version of a animal of your choice:
+ Choose one non-invertebrated animal, you are now a 'anthro' version of that animal.
+ You gain a free, one-time full body resculpt to change your anthro form in any way you want, this can go beyond what's possible for a human being like unrealistic body shapes, hyper endowments, extra appendages, taur-like bodies and etc.
+ You gain several abilities based on you animal, this can vary from only biological traits to abilities that the animal is loosely related to.
+ Your body operates on Porn Logic, with all perks that it may come with it. You may also spread this to your surroundings and to other beings around you.
+ You may turn other humans into 'anthros' like you, they will have all bonuses of this essence except for the ability of changing humans into anthros.

Jirachi
The Essence of the Shapechanger
By taking this Essence, you gain vast power over your own shape, and can alter it at will.
You may set your 'default' or 'true' form to any form that you can shapeshift into as long as you seriously consider it as such, meaning that you will never have to revert to what you were before.
You may physically and metaphysically and conceptually transform into anything (including inorganic forms) not vastly larger or more massive than you or a result of metaphysical growth that you have not undergone. (i.e. you could transform into a kitsune, but you can't transform into a nine-tailed version without going through the spiritual growth required of a normal kitsune). However, you find that your limits are less harsh when copying something that you have personal seen or when you are working with an established form.
You may also use your abilty to shapeshift as a makeshift regeneration power, though it is often ineffective against cursed weapons.
You may also emulate biological powers that you have encountered (such as mutant powers from Marvel), but often get them in an undeveloped form that requires hard work to grow. (i.e. If you tried to transform into a Kryptonian, you would likely only gain golden age kryptonian powers on the level of 'fast as a speeding locomotive' without further development such as research, extensive specialized training or solar exposure in that form)
You gain a perfect memory of what your form was at any time during your life, and may revert to any prior state at will.
The more time you spend in a form, the more you subconsciously alter it to better fit your desires. A 'standard' human form that you stay in for a few days might become peak human, while with weeks it might gain a wide variety of low-end physically possible superpowers, such as the senses of the best of the animal kingdom, the ability to conduct photosynthesis and a functionally perfect memory.
You gain an instinctive understanding of mundane biology that lets you customize your form with a wide variety of biological equipment, such as allowing you to echolocate, perceive the infrared spectrum and magnetic fields.
You may toggle immunity to any body dysphoria that any of your forms grant you, letting you comfortably change into any shape.
Any children that you bring to term has an optimal blend of all of the biological abilities that you have mastered as well as that of your partner, and you find that shifting is no bar to maturing your babies to term. This applies to a lesser extent to any children that you father as well.

Essence of the Fated Companions
By taking the essence of the Fated Companions, the quintessence of the desire to be amongst equals, you gain the following benefits:
Through a combination of fate, luck and subtle reality warping, you find that incredibly attractive people who you are deeply compatible with, platonically or otherwise often appear around you in situations where it is easy to start a relationship. You may toggle this gathering process at will.
The fated companions provided by this perk are roughly as powerful as you are and often possess interesting synergies with you and your companions abilities no matter how unlikely (or even impossible) that would normally be, and will always be able to relate you emotionally.
Everyone affected by this perk finds that interactions with other members of the group have an odd tendency to help them become their best self, get over themselves when they need to, and understand more about themselves as they already are.
You and your companions find that there is always enough time to keep your relationships strong and growing. Even if you decide to gather a harem of hundreds of women, you somehow have enough time and space in your heart to love and spend as much time with them as you would a single partner.
Hopefully semi-obvious notes: Yes, you can have your fated companions come with porn logic, if you want, under the 'powers roughly as powerful as yours' clause. Yes, your companions can have impossibly large harems of there own, if they want, with the same rules as yours. Yes, you can do research before assuming a form that makes the starting point better.

Essence of the magic contractee
By drinking this Essence, you become a prime target of various magical contractors out there in the multiverse, and a few other abilities besides:
- Immense "Potential" for the purpose of magical contracting. While you won't necessarily be on Madokami's level if contracted as magical girl in her setting, you still have potential undreamed of by all but those who have bizarre circumstances creating there insane potential.
- The ability to subcontract people, emulating the power of your patron for the purpose of empowering others.
- A fate of being contracted under the general genre that you are looking for. For example, you could choose to be contracted as a magical girl, or by a demonic pact.
- An ability to internalize the gifts granted to you.
- Immense skill in making the most of a potential contract.

Essence of the Implicit Protections of Multiverse Travellers
This essence doesn't taste like anything - indeed, it is most often simply observed as something that you obviously used at some nebulous point, but don't really remember doing.
A complete reformatting of your soul structure, making it totally independent from the metaphysical system of your multiverse, universe, planet etc.
A partial rewriting of your existence such that you can continue to exist in places that would normally render it impossible, and basically still act as normal. You can enter a cartoon universe without yourself becoming a cartoon, travel through the ethereal realm without shedding your corporeal form and so on.
A capacity to automatically adapt to non-maliciously hostile enviroments such that you can exist comfortably in then indefinitely, be it the depths of space or the elemental plane of fire.
An enhanced ability to navigate the multiverse, landing precisely where you desire within a universe and within the multiverse if you don't have interference, and always knowing the exact risks of attempting to navigate dimensional disturbances before attempting.
(As noted, it's an implicit protection that most multiverse travellers effectively have, save perhaps the last bit.)

Jackie Avocado

Essence of Smokin' Sexy Style

- Anything you do, you do with absolute ease, grace and general badassness.

- You gain mastery of any weapon you pick up, up to and including motorcycles...especially motorcycles.

- Will most likely get impaled...repeatedly.

- May or may not turn you into a half Devil upon being impaled...repeatedly.

- Bullshit hilariously overblown healing factor.

- Pulling your Devil Trigger.

- Cravings for Pizza and Strawberry Sundaes, like a true man.
jo demon
Essence of the bijū
A pale green bottle, containing a swirling red liquid that looks more like a swirling cloud. Upon consuming the essence, the user gains the following traits and abilities.

You gain the ability to assume any of the nine bijū, from the Shukaku to the Kyuubi no Kitsune, or Kurama.
In human form, you can utilize any of the bijū chakra cloaks, admittedly Shukaku’s is made of sand.
You can also utilize any of their unique abilities, regardless of your form.
Due to your new chakra constitution, you cannot die, any lethal damage will leave your form scattered until you reconstitute in a location far from civilization.
In case of extreme danger, you can assume the form of the ten tails, a form capable of immense power, but you lose the majority of your senses.
If you wish, you may alter the base forms and elemental nature of the tailed beast the first time you turn into them, but it will be locked into that new form.

Essence of the Master Magician
Upon consuming this essence, the drinker will obtain the following abilities.

The ability to quickly train up to a master level of skill in any school of magic.
A masterwork Foci for their magic, capable of amplifying all spells used through it.
A Mana pool capable of fueling any spell with ease and refilling almost instantly.
Ability to cast spells with ambient magic.
Able to cast spells far more efficiently.
Ability to research, create and modify spells
Ability to enchant items, from simple repair enchantments to might world shaking ones, the greater enchantments require either reagents or massive magical cost.
Spell countering abilities.

Essence of the Artificer
Upon consuming this swirling, multi colored essence, you gain the following abilities and traits.
The ability to craft items out of various materials, though your innate skills are only at journeyman.
The ability to imbue the items you create with mystical properties, the effects growing in power through the items material and your own skill
The ability to swiftly craft your creations
You can work without actual tools, creating shimmering versions of tools out of arcane energy when necessary
You can harvest/create magical items for your creation.
Ability to learn new crafting methodologies
Artifacts you create grow stronger over time, leading to even the weakest of them growing to legendary proportions with enough time.
When made in a set, artifacts gain synergies, creating unique abilities when used together.

Essence of the Lantern
A bottle shaped like an old rail lantern, the liquid inside shifts through various nine colors. Consuming the potion grants you the following boons:

You gain the abilities to draw upon the various lights of the emotion spectrum and the inverse black light of death,
Utilizing each light requires the same emotional requirement as a ring would, though it is vastly easier due to the innate nature.
You are able to focus and become the host of your own copy of the emotional Entities, though while doing this, you are limited to wielding that light of whatever entity you are hosting.
You gain the ability to create the rings of each Lantern Corp, alongside bonded lanterns, either choosing them to draw energy directly from you as the central lantern or creating a new Central battery.
Due to your new nature, if you die and your body is destroyed, you’ll reform out of the closest source of emotional light or 1 light year away, whichever is closer. If you’re body isn’t destroyed, the light contained within you will restore it to new.
Due to how your rings are created, they don’t have the regular programming one created by the guardians do, merely acting due to similarities and associations with the appearance.
The rings you create lack any effects, such as the red lights tendency to turn blood to plasma and drive it’s user to blood rage, or Indigo’s forced compassion.
Rings you create are under your control regardless who wears them, and are unable to be used against you.
For unique abilities for each light, here is the wiki page, https://greenlantern.fandom.com/wiki/Emotional_Spectrum
[spoiler=Example of light abilities]Red - Rage. These rings are explicitly magical. They take up the function of the users heart and transform their blood into ultra acid that can erode basically anything. Standard attack is vomiting this blood up. They're initially ultra-berserkers, basically uncontrolled, but given the right catalyst, are perfectly capable of focusing their rage into constructs like the others. Their "gimmick" is that their constructs erode the others. These rings, much like Violet, don't seem to need much in the way of charging, being almost self-sustaining.
Orange - Greed. There's usually only one of these bearers out there. Their gimmick is absorbing other energies or constructs, and turning people into constructs.
Yellow - Fear. Their gimmick is that the more people fear them, the more powerful the ring and its constructs become, and that one can use the fear of others to create constructs rather than just their own fears.
Green - Will. Default. WHich, reminder, includes machines that you can think of to do anything, flight, forcefields, interstellar transport, life-sustaining, and broad-spectrum scanning as well as translation. Green's just the safest to use.
Blue - Hope. Their gimmick is HEALING. They're code-locked to require a green lantern nearby to properly function. They're charged by ambient hope and are capable of supercharging the "good" rings and dampening the "bad" ones. And, again, healing.
Indigo - Compassion. Their gimmick is that they can briefly replicate the powers of the other colors and can teleport. The effect on the personality of the bearer is almost as extreme as Orange, and as such has been given to unrepentant monsters in order to rehabilitate them, but nothing says it has to be.
Violet - Love. Their gimmick is love crystals, outright imposing love on other people, and being self-sustaining 'constructs'. Much like Red, they initially drive their bearers mad.
Black - Death. Their gimmick is that they're charged by hearts, and can mimick the other rings briefly, but are only on dead people.
White - Life. They're explicitly combined of all the colors, are charged by LIVING EXCITINGLY, and can use any powers of the other rings, while also being bonkers powerful.
BobtheNORMALguy
Essence of the Limit
You gain the power to place any form of limit on whatever you like.
Anything from a generic "X condition must happen to unlock super mode" to "This spell can't harm allies".
Yes you can put limits on other Essences I did say *anything*

Essence of the Essence
By drinking this Essence you learn the secret art of making brand new Essences.
Also instant PTSD because you REALLY did not need to know what went into some of them.
May or may not receive random calls at 3 am in the morning from ROBs wanting new Essences

Essence of the Chuunibyou
By drinking this dark elixir Essence you gain the power to unleash your inner dramatically increase your power by acting chunni .
The more chunni you act the more powerful you actually become.
Now you too can make a drill that pierces the heavens and make people miles away deaf,

Essence of the Memetic Bard
By Drinking this Essence you become The Bard yes The Bard bane of DnD campaigns and common sense the multiverse over.
Aside from the normal abilities gained from being a Bard (DnD or any other fantasy setting, your choice) you gain a number of other powers.
A subtle anti-fate effect that derails the plans of anything you wish, often in humorous or bizarre ways.
Charisma the likes of which even inanimate objects or gods will do whatever you wish.
Good Looks that border on supernatural for your species.
The ability to somehow always get out of problems or crimes you committed despite all odds.
And of course a increased affinity to the Bard class/role/job beyond all but the most powerful or skilled of Bards.

Essence of the Spare
By drinking this Essence you gain one copy of every other Essence you drank.
Comes in Crystal, Bottle, and whatever other form you may want.
They can never be copied, stolen, destroyed, erased, etc. outside of your will .

Essence of the Compatible
By drinking this Essence you gain the power to harmonize any conflicting power or abilities.
Using light magic won't stop you from using dark magic, even at the same time. Being evil won't stop you from using good only abilities.
This applies to everything you can do from magic, to super science, to simple training.. you always find a way no matter how impossible.

Essence of the Challenge
By drinking this Essence you will never run out challenges.
Whether its a fight of cosmic proportions or trickery and planning spanning eons there will never be a time where you cannot find a challenge.
Challenges always scale to your ability no matter how powerful you become. Not even being a multiverse spanning god will stop from finding one should you wish it.

Essence of the Infinite Potential Power Well
By drinking this essence you can gain potentially any and all superpowers, skills, forms, magic, psychic power, etc.
A well of infinite power exists within you that through training can do anything.
You start with only being able to make metaphorical sparks happen with your power but with constant use draw on larger and larger amounts.
Depending on how your trying to train a power it may directly enhance you, generate an effect or be turned into another power source which does them.
Example: Using the well to breathe fire vs. Using the well to make magic capable of making a fire breathing spell.
For clarification: the power well can act as any power or power source you want. Or be turned into any power or power source you want, without removing the well.
Yes this does mean you can have a pool of magic along with the well, but remember at that point you will need to train both of them.
The power or powers created by fiat can not be stolen, copied, destroyed, or mimicked in any way against you will.

Essence of the Internal Power
By drinking this essence you become free of needing any external source for your powers/skills.
From magic that draws in mana from the environment or sword skills that relies on esoteric or strange laws none of your abilities will require anything outside of yourself.
This does not give you more power or skill then you already have however. If you only able to draw upon a finite amount of power this will not change that, merely allow you to use and train it anywhere.
How this manifests is largely dependent on the power/skill in question, magic for example might draw on a internal pool.
Ramble
40k gear Essences (comes as a set)

Essence of the Boltgun
The divine symbol of the emperor's wrath becomes something inextricably linked to your being, and becomes a part of you as your hand or foot.
You obtain the ability to summon boltguns of any variant from concealed bolt canes or bolt pistols all the way up to heavy or storm bolters. You may discard a bolter and simply summon another one, but you may only do so once per day.
You may also summon 5 fresh magazines per day, of any configuration, and containing any kind of specialist ammo type, though should none be specified, the magazines will simply be stocked with standard bolts.
You may also once a day summon purity seal which will protect a target against corruption or mental intrusion.

Essence of the Chainsword
The device that symbolized the distillation of mankind's brutality against a hostile universe becomes something inextricably linked to your being, and becomes a part of you as your hand or foot.
You obtain the ability to summon chain weapons of any variant from chain fists all the way up to massive, two handed evicerator chainswords or chain halberds. You may discard a chain weapon and summon a new one, but only once a day.
The chain weapon currently equipped will be maintained and refilled with fuel once per day.
You may unleash an aura of fear and respect which will cause you to be taken much more seriously.

Essence of the Lasgun
Humanity's standard issue weapon becomes something inextricably linked to your being, and becomes a part of you as your hand or foot.
You obtain the ability to summon las weapons of any variant from digital ring weapons and las pistols to hellguns, lascannons and even modified industrial mining lasers. You may discard a las weapon and summon another one, but you may only do so once per day.
You may summon 5 fresh lasgun packs per day of any configuration, including pistol power packs, hotshot power packs and backpack style power packs. Should none be specified, the standard will be supplied.
You may also summon a new guard issue flak helmet and flak jacket once a day.

Essence of Eurobeat/Racing
By drinking this essence, you gain the ability to race with a vehicle really well, even when there ostensibly isn't even supposed to be a race or any ability to carry out a race.
If you have a wheeled or tracked vehicle, you have the ability to modulate your traction.
The first time you get into or onto a vehicle, you may choose to boost the vehicle's powerplant and propulsion systems. Yes. This also applies to animal drawn vehicles and wind blown boats as well. These changes are permanent.
Any vehicle you get onto or into will gain driver and passenger seatbelts, front airbags, and curtain side airbags. At a higher tech level, you will also get an inertial dampener. These additions are permanent.
Any vehicle you get into will be reinforced to appropriate safety levels.
If you listen to eurobeat music, you will be able to go faster. Anyone directly observing you will be able to hear the eurobeat. You can turn this on and off.
You will never run out of fuel or power for your vehicle while you are operating it.
Maintenance happens offscreen, but you'll gain rudimentary knowledge on how to upgrade or tune up any vehicle.

Essence of the Special Homeland Division
By drinking this essence, you will become a member of the Strategic Homeland Division, a special unit normally activated by executive order from the President in case all other forms of public protection have failed. The essence will bind your loyalty to the legitimate government of the United States of America, and you will gain a devotion to the spirit of the ideals stipulated in the Declaration of Independence, and those rights enumerated by the constitution and bill of rights. These will be necessary as, should you be activated, you will be responsible for ensuring the continuity of government of the United States of America. Should there be no government, having dissolved or having not existed in the world you end up in, you will be tasked with restoring or establishing a new government along those lines. In instances where executive order 51 does not exist, activation can still occur anyway should the right conditions be met. Also, you get retroactive citizenship.
You will gain incredible resistance to all forms of mental trauma or manipulation, even up to and including magical, arcane, anomalous or otherwise esoteric means.
You will gain confidence, and a boost to your judgement and decision making abilities. While you do not gain a boost as to making the correct choice, the choices you to make will be decisive and well reasoned even under stress or time limitations.
You will gain the ability to quickly adapt to changing situations, as well as gain an astonishing aptitude for improvisation, problem solving, and lateral thinking.
You will have extensive knowledge of computer programming, electrical engineering, mechanical engineering, geology, biology, physics, chemistry, medicine, mathematics, psychology, and systems engineering. These will not atrophy over time,
You will also gain a comprehensive knowledge of the history of the USA.
Your physical attributes are now enhanced, putting you at near peak human strength, stamina, speed, flexibility, reaction speed, and senses. These will never degrade no matter how long you play couch potato.
You will also gain an astonishing sense of spatial awareness extending out as far as your senses can track.
You will gain an innate immunity to diseases up to and including magical, arcane, anomalous, or otherwise esoteric diseases. You will also gain an extreme resistance to poisons of all kinds, though while even the most powerful won't kill you, they can make you feel like crap for an extended period of time.
Your Fight/Flight response is adjusted to become more decisive. You will never freeze up, and while you will be able to respond rationally, what responses you do will be enhanced by your fight/flight instincts.
You will gain a smartwatch which contains an atomic clock, a compass, radio, sensors, computer uplink, radio relay, satellite relay, and advanced computing hardware. Should it be lost or destroyed, it will reappear on your wrist. You can pass it to other people should it be necessary, though should it be stolen or obtained illegally or in bad faith, it will explode violently the moment it is used.
You also gain contact lenses which you can summon at will with an endless supply of new ones should your old ones be lost or damaged or just not on your person.. The contact lenses act as an additional scanner on top of the watch's own scanning tech. They also contain augmented reality technology which provides a heads up display, high definition video playback, and other plot relevant features. While you can wear glasses over them, they are vision correcting so glasses would be an aesthetic choice. You can also pass them to other people and they will even provide limited functionality. Like the watch though, should it be stolen or obtained illegally or in bad faith, it will explode violently the moment it is used.
You will also be able to summon and dismiss the Division's full array of weapons, and other hardware such as radios, relays, headsets, computers, body armor, medical supplies, and copies of the ISAC artificial intelligence program.
When activated, everyone around you will recognize you as a lawful representative of the government of the United States of America even in cases where the USA doesn't actually exist. Don't think about it too hard.
Should your efforts be insufficient, you can summon additional instances of this essence at a rate of one a day to give to other trustworthy persons.
Essence of the NCR Veteran Ranger
By drinking this essence, you are charged to embody the hopes and dreams that founded the New California Republic, and the courage and conviction to uphold and maintain those hopes and dreams in the face of unspeakable hardships, cruelty, and evil. In the process, you will accept the accompanying shackles. You shall do no evil. You shall ever always give your best effort. You shall brook no tyranny, and you shall strive for the rest of your life to make the world a better place in whatever way you can. Be aware that you will be instilled with the intimate knowledge of what this entails. Knowing this, you must fully, wholeheartedly accept the limitations and responsibilities both. There is no shirking. There is no rules lawyering. You will literally be incapable of such cowardice. This is the last chance to back out. Should you do so, then the essence will simply become inert. Should you accept, you shall be furnished with the following to facilitate your duties.
You will be equipped with a suit of Elite Riot Armor worn in the old days by the most important and elite members of the Los Angeles Police Department. It will protect against laser, plasma, and radiological attacks in addition to its ability to sustain kinetic impacts by multiple .50 BMG rounds with only minor kinetic transfer. It is also sealed against Nuclear, Chemical, Biological, and Radiological hazards including those introduced by WMDs. It also incidentally provides firearms skill, critical luck, and makes you ever so slightly more convincing. When you need it, it'll be there.
Your helmet contains a heads up display and sophisticated sensors and computers which enable it to track a vast array of vital statistics, general health, the health of others, and even weapon aim. A compass and motion tracker is also present. It can also see in low light conditions, infrared, and ultraviolet. It is able to provide the same protections as the rest of the armor, and is powered and maintained by your strength of will. Again, when you need it, it'll be there.
Your signature weapon is the Ranger Sequoia, a 5 shot revolver chambered in .45-70 Government that is engraved with the words "Against All Tyrants" and it is as bound to your soul, as much a part of you as your hands or your legs. You shall find it always in reach, even if you leave it at home or if it is destroyed. All you need to do is reach down to your hip and mean to draw it. It'll be there, as shiny and perfect as the day you got it, just like always. If magic ever pops up, you can fire conceptual rounds if you want, though that excludes specialty ammunition. Incidentally, you can toggle the helmet settings so that it will draw a trajectory line though it only works for the Ranger Sequoia.
You will be provided with an M4 carbine chambered in 5.56x45mm NATO. You will be provided with an M82a1 Barrett sniper rifle chambered in .50 Browning Machine Gun. They're kinda nice.
You inexplicably never seem to run out of ammo.
You are skilled, very skilled. You immediately gain at minimum 20 years of additional experience, muscle memory, and honed practice in all manner of skills from firearms handling to stealth to lockpicking to survival to mechanical repair to science to even non-violent conflict resolution on top of the skills that you've already accumulated. You can chew nails and spit napalm (not really) and you are every bit as bullshit as even the most sue-ish main character. Your plot armor will falter if it becomes narratively convenient though. (in which case, your regular armor should be more than sufficient against most threats)
Should it be necessary, you will be granted an extended life.
Free genetic scrubbing. Is nice!
You become hardened up with physical abilities up to peak human ability, or at least striking a happy optimum balance. You also just generally have greater durability than anyone else. Anime physics automatically applies whenever it pops up.
And should your efforts not be enough, you may recruit others to your cause. You may create numerous iterations of the NCR Ranger Essence to give to those who are trustworthy.

Essence of the NCR Ranger
By drinking this essence, you are charged to embody the hopes and dreams that founded the New California Republic, and the courage and conviction to uphold and maintain those hopes and dreams in the face of unspeakable hardships, cruelty, and evil. In the process, you will accept the accompanying shackles. You shall do no evil. You shall ever always give your best effort. You shall brook no tyranny, and you shall strive for the rest of your life to make the world a better place in whatever way you can. Be aware that you will be instilled with the intimate knowledge of what this entails. Knowing this, you must fully, wholeheartedly accept the limitations and responsibilities both. There is no shirking. There is no rules lawyering. You will literally be incapable of such cowardice. This is the last chance to back out. Should you do so, then the essence will simply become inert. Should you accept, you shall be furnished with the following to facilitate your duties.
You will be equipped with a suit of Desert Ranger combat armor worn in the old days by the United States Marine Corps. It will protect against energy weapons damage in addition to its ability to sustain kinetic impacts by multiple 12.7mm rounds with only minor kinetic transfer. It is also sealed against Nuclear, Chemical, Biological, and Radiological hazards including those introduced by WMDs. When you need it, it'll be there in as perfect a condition as the day you got it.
Your helmet contains a heads up display and sophisticated sensors and computers which enable it to track a vast array of vital statistics, general health, the health of others, and even weapon aim. A compass and motion tracker is also present. It can also see in low light conditions, infrared, and ultraviolet. It is able to provide the same protections as the rest of the armor, and is powered and maintained by your strength of will.Again, when you need it, it'll be there in as perfect a condition as the day you got it.
Your signature weapon is the Colt Single Action Army, a six shot revolver chambered in .357 magnum and it is as bound to your soul, as much a part of you as your hands or your legs. You shall find it always in reach, even if you leave it at home or if it is destroyed. All you need to do is reach down to your hip and mean to draw it. It'll be there, as shiny and perfect as the day you got it, just like always.
You will be provided with an M4 carbine chambered in 5.56x45mm NATO. You will be provided with a scoped Trail Carbine, a lever action rifle chambered in .44 magnum. They're kinda nice.
You inexplicably never seem to run out of ammo.
You are skilled, very skilled. You immediately gain experience, muscle memory, and honed practice in all manner of skills from firearms handling to stealth to lockpicking to survival to mechanical repair to science to even non-violent conflict resolution. It's not as much as what Veteran Rangers get, but it's still enough to put you heads and shoulders above your fellow man.
Should it be necessary, you will be granted an extended life.
Free genetic scrubbing. Is nice!
You become hardened up with physical abilities up to peak human ability, or at least striking a happy optimum balance. You also just generally have greater durability than anyone else. Anime physics automatically applies whenever it pops up.
And should your efforts not be enough, you may recruit others to your cause. You may create numerous iterations of the NCR Ranger Essence to give to those who are trustworthy.
Should you survive for 20 years, your essence will upgrade automatically to that of the Essence of the NCR Veteran Ranger, though you can choose if the upgrade is immediate or in a ceremony.
Tin
Essence of the Dark Sign
By consuming the Essence of the Dark Sign you become one of the Chosen Undead:
Death is no longer permanent, instead, you will go Hollow and lose all souls in the process. Hollowing will reduce you into a progressively more and more undead state, though you will never suffer complete mental infirmity or permanent loss of memory unlike true Undead.
Those you slay will give you souls, a source of power and potential for you. The stronger and older the being, the more souls you will gather. Souls gained can be used to enhance yourself, your equipment and condense Humanity, your only means of reversing Hollowing.
Beings greater than normal, elites full of power and potential, grant you greater souls that you may use to craft powerful equipment or derive spells appropriate for their source or convert into a huge deluge of normal souls.
Items you possess can be inexplicably stored away within yourself, where they are preserved perfectly, free to withdraw if with a measure of concentration.
You gain an Estus Flask, a flask of healing ambrosia borne of flame. It cures wounds, purges sickness, poison, curses and all manner of malady. It has a limited number of charges, before it needs to be restored at a Bonfire, which can be increased with souls.
You gain a Gold Soapstone, a strange stone capable of linking worlds. With it you can invade other worlds, summon allies, be summoned by allies, or leave messages to others.
You gain the ability to designate Bonfires with a Coiled Sword, one for each discrete location. Bonfires are where you will find yourself returning after death and can be used to restore yourself and your Estus, rest safely and move between other Bonfires.
You gain the ability to designate Fire Keepers, women full of Humanity that maintain the Bonfires and help Undead grow in power by transforming raw souls into potential. They can also craft new Estus Flasks, Soapstones, Humanity and other useful necessities for other Undead.
You gain the ability to designate other Chosen Undead, branding them with the Dark Sign, who may share all of these abilities, if you wish, or none.
Choose any of the following:
You possess a pyromancy flame, a seed of fire that fuels fiery magics. You have great talent and an instinctive ability to learn Pyromancies.
You possess a catalyst and the power of soul to wield soul sorcery. You have great talent and an instinctive ability to learn Sorceries.
You possess a talisman and the power of faith and stories, the source of miracles. You have great talent and an instinctive ability to learn Miracles.

Essence of the Minecrafter
By consuming the glowing and shimmering potion, you become a one-man human factory.
Your body is at once transformed into a desired appearance, unaging and forever clean, with a perfect memory.
You are more durable than normal, with a body that almost seems as if it is made of natural materials rather than flesh. Nothing inflicted upon you can harm you for extended periods of time.
You are no longer effected by ambient temperatures or indirect environmental hazards and have no bodily needs but for the hunger that fuels you. You can consume anything even theoretically edible and easily metabolize and transform that energy into your stamina or healing process.
You can instantly transform raw materials into objects of your design, provided you know the recipe. You can only transform objects theoretically possible to create with what you have at hand, without tools and/or a workstation your processes are more limited. Recipes can be gained by creating something manually, watching another do so, being taught or deconstructing it.
You can store a large number of collected materials in arbitrary quantities through an abstract process within your mind, retrieving and releasing them within your theoretical reach. You can only store materials you could theoretically collect manually and to do so you must extract them from their medium, if it exists.
You are able to warp reality as it relates to your ability to gather and make use of materials -- the sources of most this Essence's abilities. Your ability to warp reality enables you to contrive materials you have encountered in illogical processes, if there is no other way to gain them or even otherwise. Your ability to warp reality enables you to make use of illogical processes to create strange devices, tools or materials with alien properties.
As you commit to actions you gain EXP, which lightly enhances you in every area and can be used to produce, in conjunction with crafting processes; magical materials, consumables or enhancements with effects limited only by imagination and resources.

Essence of Sacrificial Ritualism
By consuming the warm, iron-tasting beverage, you gain the power to sacrifice.
You possess a personal pool of sacrificial power, that can only be replenished through sacrifices of some kind. This pool grows as you use it, and leftover ritual magics seep into your essence to beneficial effect -- including improved affinity with the powers of this essence. The sacrificial power of your pool can be expended in nearly any way, though only through suitable rituals, whether it be summoning beings across the void, conjuring wealth, acquiring immortality or even granting a slightly limited version of this essence to others. These rituals may even endow you with abilities that can be freely used, or work through contingency-style effects activated by set triggers. It highly favors body transformation or augmentation effects, flesh and blood, as well as curses, being a fair bit less efficient in other domains.
Sacrifices are the destruction of something of significance, in a permanent manner. Things sacrificed cannot ever be restored naturally, nor even by most supernatural powers, though this essence can do so at a net loss. Anything that belongs to you can be sacrificed as is, however sacrificing the things of others requires manually destroying them. This generates the required sacrificial power to use this essence, and any excess is wasted, or vented into your body in beneficial ways that start out minor and slowly build up over time. This is not taking into account external artifacts -- such as the creation of empowered items to serve as batteries.
You can become a Sacrificial Idol by having others perform sacrifices in your name, enabling them to use the power of this essence through you as a middleman. This allows you to take a toll of sacrificial power from any of their sacrifices, bolster your own ritual power and slowly gain subtle control over them. In turn, they would be able to perform the rituals you allow, loan sacrificial power from you and gain your favor in the form of endowments, new rituals or bestowed sacrificial capacity. As your Idol status grows you gain various abilities revolving around augmenting or granting new ways through which to expand on your power of your followers and this essence. At its base you can sense your followers and hear when they speak your name, as well as remotely perform rituals around them, whether to their benefit or detriment.
You possess an entire mental library and framework in your mind, with a large collection of every conceivable basic ritual you could desire, and the ability to easy build more on the same framework. These rituals are special and are many times more efficient in terms of sacrifice as opposed to freeform and 'normal' rituals that others may use, though they can also be taught and/or improved further.

Essence of the Golden Die
By consuming the fizzy, carbonated, superlatively good and bizarrely lucky-tasting beverage, you gain the power to modify the results of your actions.
You gain one Golden Die, a strange and ponderously heavy gold-plated die of mysterious origin that is only half there, appearing in your hand when you intend to use it and otherwise somewhere else. This Die can be allocated to a kind of action or situation, along with the number of 'sides' it can express ranging from a flip of a coin to a hundred sided die, with a tendency to be more powerful the more narrow its domain and the higher its unpredictability. Actions range from throwing a punch, catching objects, observing a subject, even more passive things like reading or thinking. Situations range from being initiated into a conversation, getting lost, falling asleep or even just the general day to day routine. When attached to one of these, it can be mentally cast any time its action or situation is invoked, modifying the results or process of it and twisting probability and possibility to improve it according to your subjective desires. Results can grow beyond what should be possible given the variables involved, building off any existing skill or luck and applying the result on top of that. An example of such, a critical roll that enabled a professional speed reader to outright comprehend an entire book after glancing at a single page, and a professional slacker to drag out more hours than there are in a day to get the benefits of a night of sleep from a power nap.
By building up your baseline skill, knowledge and experience of a skill or situation a Golden Die modifies, you can occasionally spontaneously generate new Golden Dice bound to the same, creating a Dicepool. These Dice are pre-allocated to this Dicepool but you can still determine each of their 'sides' when they first appear. This is retroactive, generating an appropriate number of Golden Dice for any degrees of skill, knowledge and experience you have beyond the minimum that you would have otherwise got. However, these retroactive Dice are only generated once you have a Golden Die allocated to their domain. All of this also applies to Silver Dice, just with wording swapped around.
Golden Dice can be degraded into Silver Dice at a one to two ratio, though Silver Dice cannot be transformed back into Golden Dice. These Silver Dice are instead allocated to a kind of attribute or quality you possess, along with the number of 'sides' it can express ranging from a flip of a coin to a hundred sided die, with a tendency to be more powerful the more narrow its domain and the higher its unpredictability. Attributes range from classical strength and intelligence, to more specific ones such as clarity of sight, movement speed, parallel processing, respiration, finger dexterity, skin toughness and so on. When attached to one of these it is rolled for the first and last time, permanently bound to perpetual effect, boosting the attribute and bending physics as it relates to you in order to improve it according to your subjective desires. The benefits can grow beyond what should be possible given the physics involved, building off any existing ability and applying the mod on top of that.
Silver Dice can be degraded into Copper Dice at a one to four ratio, though Copper Dice cannot be transformed back into Silver Dice. These Copper Dice are instead allocated to a kind of good or service, along with the number of 'sides' it can express ranging from a flip of a coin to a hundred sided die, with a tendency to be of higher quality and benefit the higher its unpredictability. Goods and services range from snacks, haircuts, clothes, showers, raw materials, transport and so on. When allocated to one of these, the Copper Die is burned away to either produce the good or grant the service in question. Much like the other Dice, enough Copper Dice with the right rolls can produce unnaturally quality goods and supernaturally effective services.
Finally, after allocating your Golden Die you'll feel an eerie presence, before a new type of Die is introduced to you by a mysterious entity possessing your first Golden Die. Once a day you can summon a crimson-plated die, feather-light and uncomfortably cold, it almost seems to watch you with a vaguely malicious intent. These Red Dice are randomly allocated to cause trouble for yourself in various ways or just chaos in general, along with a random number of 'sides' ranging from the flip of a coin to a hundred sided die, with a tendency to be more potentially dangerous the more unpredictable it is. Nonetheless, it remains your decision when to cast them. The trouble and chaos it can cause ranges from summoning opponents or monsters intent on your death, with varying degrees of intelligence, power and length of stay, to triggering an unlucky situation or overall generalized bad luck, setting a conflict into motion between you and some party, releasing a natural disaster, inflicting some manner of harm or effect on you and so on. By surviving or beating these troubles the mayhem and chaos is harvested into strange unrealized energy, amount of course scaling with the trouble you face. This energy can be condensed into unbound Golden Dice, Silver Dice or Copper Dice. Additionally, by taking on the worst of the worst Red rolls you can typically catalyze enough energy into the extremely rare Black Dice. Black Dice work much like Golden and Silver Dice and can be used in either way, but rather than being allocated to your innate abilities and skills, they are allocated to other Dice or Dicepools, as well as your ability to use them and the situation in which they see use. You can also burn away a Black Die to reallocate and reroll all your Dice.

silverm21
Essence of the Anomalous Occultist

By imbibing this bubbling, cloudy liquid you gain the ability to create and empower anomalous objects capable of supernatural feats.
You gain ten charges a day, that will continue to stack indefinitely if not used. Each charge can be placed inside of an object to grant a supernatural ability you choose.
Multiple charges can be used on a single item to either increase the strength of the ability or to grant multiple abilities to a single item. Under normal circumstances, around five charges can be used on a single item to grant five different abilities, and each ability can take ten charges to fully empower. To a maximum of 50 charges per item.
Greater Items can be made as well with an Item or thing. Greater Items take a hundred points to activate in a ritual but then may store as many charges as you want in its abilities. Powers max out at what would be considered “comic book top tier” on the level of truly powerful beings like Superman or Thor. 
Locations, vehicles, plants, and animals may be empowered as well. But humans or any being that starts out sapient can not be directly enchanted. To a similar charge limit as above.
Sapience can be granted to anything empowered, this can be a basic sentience that can follow commands or to a fully intelligent and sapient entity. Either option is fully and completely loyal to you and will fulfill commands to the best of their ability.
More charges can be acquired past the ten charges a day by taking power from other people. This power is taken by either filling a person with a strong emotion, draining energy, or by taking their lives or sanity. If you fill people with a strong emotion you can a maximum of two extra charges a day, draining their energy either by a item with the ability to do so or by making them orgasm or pass out in fear will gain a maximum of five charges a day, and killing or draining the sanity of person will grant a maximum of ten charges a day.
Items can be cursed or blessed to make probability around them fulfill a set of conditions. A scalpel that possess healing abilities will find its way to owners that will shortly need its powers. Or a knife that is made for murderers may find itself in the hands of a man that is close to breaking and committing murder. These conditions can be very specific, to the point a specific person will always find the same item when needed or cannot get rid of it.
When you desire to make a new item, the knowledge and skill to obtain or create it will be granted to you. Wish to make a phone app that mind controls people? You will be granted the skill to make the programing and game features. Want to make a cursed car? Knowledge of a suitable car’s location may suddenly enter your brain, and the knowledge to repair it as well. One can use this to make things that look and somewhat act like convincing super tech, but its all noise and sound effects without charges.
Note: Essentially a maxed-out power will be able to affect a large group of people or work over large distances. A maxed-out knife that always strikes its target heart may follow a target across states, a building may have a skyscrapers worth of extra space in the inside or move across the world once a day to your desire location. Single charges may say produce a knife that bends around corners or heals minor wounds.

Yes items can give people superpowers, but powers either affect the item or the person themselves. For example supernatural durability can make the item tougher so it can't be destroyed but another power would be needed to make someone themselves superhumanly strong and tough.

Consumables would last based on the most charges used in them. Ten points would last a week, a full 50 point mushroom would last a month and a half. This does not use charges itself.


Essence of the Vampire Lord
By imbuing this crimson liquid, one becomes a minor avatar of vampirism, with many powers of and over the undead.
Choose to become a breed of vampire, whether it’s from mythology, fiction, created from a cyoa, ect. You start of as an exceptional newborn, with a noticeable power over your peers. Although most of what would be considered Elders are more powerful than you.
OR you may choose any two breeds and make a third from the strengths and weaknesses of your two starting breeds. You still start at an exceptional powerful level. You can mix a mixture of either or both for your powers and abilities. You essentially start as progenitor of a new breed or sub-breed but will have to grow into your power over time.
You may choose to incarnate at any time to any universe where vampirism exists. Even if you’re not of that breed.
You become more powerful the older you become, even if your breed doesn’t traditionally get stronger. Weaknesses hurt you less as well.
Regardless of your breed choices you have access to a form of necromancy. At early levels it allows for generic necromancy magic, contacting and controlling spirits, creating the undead, curses, etc. After study and feeding your magic though various methods you can use it to increase your power and eliminate weaknesses. This does not reset. Although you may have to perform powerful rituals to empower yourself in your new breed and eliminate your new weaknesses again.
By performing a ritual where you bath in a pool of blood, you may change your breed choices, your power is reset to your starting amount, however. If you breed(s) allow for unique powers you may choose them at rebirth, but they must be in line with the powers and nature of the breeds themselves.
Regardless of your breed you can turn a victim into a vampire of your hybrid breed. While you’re younger this method may take longer and may be reversible if your destroyed. At you become older your siring will become faster, impossible to reverse, and you may resurrect any vampire you sire if they die.
If your breeds does not have the usually vampiric weaknesses, or if you merely choose to do so you may pick five weaknesses for yourself. They must be two minor weaknesses (invitation only, repelled by true faith, etc.), two moderate weaknesses (can’t cross running water, sunlight restricts supernatural powers, etc.) and one major weakness (sunlight, holy symbolism, etc.). These weaknesses take over from your breed’s traditional weaknesses and do make you immune to the traditional weaknesses of your breed. But should be appropriate to vampires in some manner.
Another power you possess is your Vampiric Will, this is a combination of your inante willpower and some mystical vampiric force. Often manifesting as a reddish terror inducing aura. By exerting your Vampiric Will you can control and summon different types of undead and vampires. And even knock out large group of enemies. If a target’s will is as strong or stronger than yours its possible they can resist it. Over time you can learn new powers from this force. And learn to summon specific vampires and undead from other universes.
If killed you body is reduced to ashes, and may resurrect, either over time or with exposure to blood. You are beyond true death, with evil plot armor that ensures you will resurrect. If they send your ashes into the sun a random nutjob will find random ashes that are now designated your remains and spill some blood on them.
While dead you may choose to simply “awake” when you are resurrected with no memory of being dead or may exist in a spiritual lucid dream type state until you are resurrected.

Essence of the Pornomancer
By drinking this carbonated bluish drink you gain the powers of a blue mage! The magic of sex, pornomancy!

You gain a physically perfect body fit for modeling or doing pornography. With your specifications on how you look like, how big you are down there or what gender you are, ect.
You gain an average ability in magic, capable of many spells you would see in any other magical school, although in these abilities by this essence alone you will only have average strength.
You gain access and knowledge to a wide variety of sex-based spells and rituals. Spells that alter body shapes and sizes, replenish sexual stamina or fluids, induce lust, and even have non-pornographic uses such as making someone tell the truth or increasing your charisma. You can learn/create spells over time and experimentation.
You gain the ability to travel to porn worlds, where most things revolve around porn situations and the social mores are completely different. However usually fantastical things are less powerful than their counterparts in other worlds. A porn super hero will still have the powers that make his trademark, but at only at half power to his counterpart in a “serious” dimension.
You may summons Human Caricatures, porn version of people that while still human in many ways essentially exist for sex and pleasure. They can look however you want them to although they default to looking like porn models or nude models if summoned without anything in particular.
Human Caricatures have perfected bodies that are all “natural” even if copying someone who is…not and have perfected human bodies and will be idealized unless you require anything specific.
Human Caricatures have superhuman attributes along the line of MCU Captain America, and if summoned with an idea of a job, i.e sexy nurse, sexy cop, ect. Will have all the skills necessarily to perform their nonpornographic duties. Even if they would rather not be doing them. You can summon up to three at a time to start, and the power will grow over time.
If you happen in a world with superhuman or magical beings, porn caricatures can be made of them, but there is a point where their powers start to be less than their counterparts. A caricature of kryptonian will probably be significantly less powerful than a real kryptonian under a yellow sun, but a caricature of a centaur would be superhuman compared to the average centaur.
You have access to a magical catalog that provides magical toys and ingredients. Most of these toys have actual uses outside of a lewd nature but will always have clear erotic uses and appearances. If you want to fight a duel with a bad dragon toy instead of wand you can, and it might even be better than a normal wand, but its still going to look bad.
Often you pay for items from the catalog in favors and duties. Perhaps a Japanese porn director wants you to magick up an actual tentacle monster or use of a caricature for a shoot. The time and effort involve goes up when compared to the power of the item ordered.
By sleeping with an individual, you may copy skills, knowledge, and even the powers of your partner. Knowledge is accurate and reliable, but powers and abilities you don’t possess are significantly weaker far than the targets. You can increase the potency of this copying by engaging in an elaborate sex ritual with a willing and consenting partner will make your copy equal to their own. However even the lightest of mind alterations on your partner will make this ritual not work. Even drugs or alcohol. Does not include Caricatures, and usually even consenting to the ritual would not work for someone from a porn world. However, if a strong enough bond is formed, such as a deep friendship or love, they can be active participants in the ritual. Standard rules still apply to them though.

Essence of the Mutator
By imbuing this glowing green liquid, you have been infused with the radioactive power of mutation!

You can feed on radiation and are immune to any negative effects of radiation.
You can infuse at anytime different animals into your form, allowing you to manifest traits and powers of those animals as you wish. You can control your appearance as to make yourself as monstrous as possible, make yourself look attractive, or even hide the mutations completely. There is no limit to the amount of traits you can manifest, although it does become harder to control how you look the more mutated you become.
You can also grow typical fictional mutations and powers. Anything from arms covered in fire that throw fireballs, to a sludge body, to explosive crystal protrusions,. In general however the more versatile the power the weaker it becomes. But this can be mitigated with obvious physical changes to boost its power. For example just given yourself psychic abilities with no physical changes means you might have double your physical strength in telekinesis, given yourself a frail body with an oversized head would amp your psychic powers to the point you were a telekinetic juggernaut that could throw tanks and that could mind control hundreds at the same time.
By focusing on one animal you can assume a mutated giant form of that animal, from anywhere from 3x to 6x the size of the original creature. In this form you can only use other animal forms to give yourself extra abilities, but the abilities of the first form are greatly enhanced. You can fuel this gigantification with your radiation powers, become truly kaiju size if you want to use the energy to become so.
Animal abilities are based more on comic book physics than real physics. A pair of wings will allow you to fly and at great speeds, even though realistically you should still not be able to fly all that great. Abilities are enhanced at a moderate comic book level; the acid of an insect might be strong enough to melt though bank vaults when you use it. The more you change your physical body the stronger these abilities become.
You start out with a genetic database of every animal you’ve ever touched or eaten. You can gain more though touching or eating animals.
You can admit a glowing green radiation that can be used to mutate animals or people in similar ways to yourself. Just about any change you can do to yourself you can do to another being, although with much the same rules. These creatures are normally under your control, although human and other sapients can resist if their wills are strong.
You also can also use this radiation in many other ways, such as blasts, force fields, an aura that allows you to fly, ect. With time and training just about any weird radiation trick from fiction can be mimicked. But the more powerful and esoteric, the more energy and hard work it will acquire.
By taking in the energy of a nuclear plant or explosion all at once, you can use that power to make a glowing green portal and travel to different places or even different universes. Your target universe can be anything within fiction, or even just worlds that are the “closest” to you that fit your wishes. Without some strong source like the two above it would take at least a year to store this type of energy for use, however.
You can also cure and render people immune to radiation poisoning.


Essence of the Journey
By imbuing this smoky liquid, one becomes capable of traveling to almost anywhere they wish in several different ways!
Your body becomes incredibly fit and strong, and you gain survival skills and greatly increased ability to survive harsh environments and travel in the wild. You are home just as much as you in the heart of a jungle as a regular city.
You gain superhuman ability to understand others, such as new languages, written word, even cultural information just be observing an individual for a little while.
You can magically exchange and one form of currency you wish into another, and even summon paperwork and other forms of ID you might need in a new world. Your paperwork will be of convincingly quality and can change local sources of information to fit itself.
You can alter your clothes and items to local equivalents at will and can switch them back as you wish.
Using this power, you can journey to other locations on the same planet (ignoring water if you wish), time travel, travel to other worlds or even on to spaceships or stations, and of course alternate universes and dimensions.
Your basic form of travel is simply by focusing on traveling to a location and undergoing travel, this journey will quickly start to change into a surreal adventure, Perhaps in an endless stairwell with doors to other worlds, or a maze, or some wonderlandish backdrop. This usually takes several hours to arrive where-ever you wish too. Sometimes hazards and dangers may lurk on this journey, but most of the time is safe. This can be done on foot, car, boat, any vehicle.
By building weird technology you can construct portals, portal guns, or machines to go on journeys faster and safer. But it will take a lot of resources to build these machines.
By entering a new world with some sort of “super power” or magic system, you can gain access to said powers though a ritual this power grants you, these powers are merged with your inner self and cannot be taken away, and will work in other universes. These powers tend to be average for whatever system the universe has. Although there is a random chance of greater than average power.

Essence of the Patron Porn God
By drinking this fuzzy lemon lime tasting concoction your soul is symbiotically linked with a minor sex Deity.

You may change your appearance, age, and gender as you wish starting off. With a body in perfect health and fitness.
Your body runs off hentai/porn logic. STDs are no longer a concern, your genital can be as big as you want and not cause you any problems, people around you follow more of a porn logic than common sense, such as forcing a partner to orgasm multiple times will see them following in love with you, ect. This effect grows in strength in relation to your Deities’ power.
You may design your sex deity to appear to you as whatever you wish, gender, species, and basic personality and relationship to yourself.
Comes with a physical object or item that serves as a connection to the physical world for your entity, and it produces sounds and communicate with you through this item.
While it starts off weak, it may grant you a Boon to start. This Boon can come in many forms, perhaps granting a superpower, modifying or amplifying an existing power you have from another source, a magical item, a subtle wish such as a lewd law in the world, ext.
In general, this starting Boon can be either be manifested at the strongest possible way the Entity can grant at this time or be granted at a weaker state but grows in power over time. For example, wishing to be a flying brick would make you strong enough to lift tanks and fly at moderate airplane speeds. A weaker gift would have you start at lifting ten tons and resistant to modern firearms but will eventually grow in power to true comic book top tier in level. The weaker an ability starts off, the more it can grow over time.
By engaging in sexual acts and other forms of offerings, your Deity grows in power and what he can give you in the form of boons and miracles. Existing powers can be made stronger or remove limitations. Country perhaps even worldwide modification of society in lewd ways, ext.
In general, the more of a significance a partner is in some way, whether a celebrity, leader, well known superhero, or perhaps even “the stories main character” the more favor and power it gives your Deity. Or by how tantalizing or erotic the “conquest” is, such as a family of a beautiful woman and her three equally beautiful daughters.
At any time, your Deity and you can meet in an astral pocket, which is where your soul is bound to in case of death by the way. Here you can interact physically with the Deity but sex with him/her/it does not grant the Deity more power, although it may enjoy the act very much.
Outside of sexual favors and methods, you could choose to title your Patron God of nearly any domain or concept and grow their power in a manner that makes sense for that patron god. Want a God of Battle that grows as you defeat more powerful/important foes? God of Games, Adventure, Death, ext. As long as the general guidelines of favor and boons are used nearly any concept is viable.
The Deity can bring you back to life if killed, in either bringing you back at a safe place, or placing you back your body at an earlier time, ect.
Resurrection is tiring for your Deity and unless it possesses a truly awesome amount of power will reduce their powers considerable, if they have to they can hold your soul to their charge enough, so in effect nothing can really kill you, if keep your soul in their pocket dimension for a while.
Your Deity can also reincarnate you in this world or any other universe you can think of. Allowing a form of multiversal travel. In general, same rules apply as bringing you back to life, but they can always give you a starting Boon. You can pick exactly how and when you reincarnate, such as the general scenario your born in, what race, if you’re the sibling of a specific person, ect.


Essence of the Soul Manipulator
By drinking this light orange drink, you gain powers to control and manipulate souls and spiritual energies!

You gain the power to see souls and spirits in a manner you decide. Whether its information on a game screen, a glowing ball inside their chests, or another. You can look into a person’s soul and gain information about their personality and other characteristics. With time and practice you can gain the ability to manipulate this information, changing personality traits, and even effecting physical and spiritual changes on a person.
You will quickly discover that a large amount of unseen spiritual beings exists, although their exact nature and abilities are for you to discover. These spirits do have powers and abilities you can take advantage of. With practice you can control and modify these spirits in much the same way as you can a person’s soul.
You gain a large amount of spiritual energy inside your own soul. This energy has an enormous range of potential uses. The exact style of use and capabilities will be based on your own imagination and personal nature. Perhaps you can create gigantic swords and move so fast you appear to be teleporting, or perhaps you will fly in the air and cast comic book like spells or emulate psychic abilities while holding your fingers to your forehead, the archetypes are endless. While you can emulate just about any power or ability, only a single archetype that matches your personality and a handful of powers will come easy to you at first. And with practice and training you can gain more uses for your energy.
While large your spiritual energy is not infinite, it is like a pool of energy and uses will expend it. However, it will naturally regenerate and the more you use and train with it, it will expand your maximum limit over time. The amount of power your soul can produce is practically limitless, however softcaps and slower periods of growth are to be expected.
You can drain spiritual energy from souls and spirits, either to replenish your powers or to temporally supercharge your abilities. Note spiritual energy can replenish naturally in a target, but taking too much at once can harm or kill a person.
You gain powers to travel as your soul and can enter spiritual and mental planes of existence, the collective unconsciousness, the astral plane, and travel to other realms of existence. You have an unusual amount of power and authority over these domains, even in places where their owner or lord should have absolute authority over it. With time and growing spiritual power, you could wrestle control of these territories from their owners, or make a personal domain of your own.
Manipulators also gain the ability to effect the boundaries of mystical realms and beings with the physical realm. At first this ability will affect his or her home city, and gradually grow if desired. Want to make it so spooky stuff like ghosts and undead happens? Or kids get real imaginary friends? You can turn this effect on or off.
Your soul is now an absolute existence, it itself is immune to manipulation and your consciousness will survive inside it intact even if your body is destroyed. Allowing you to regenerate your body over time. Even if you drain yourself of your spiritual power, no power can control or destroy your soul. With time and learning you will learn to separate your soul from your physical body and can at that point enjoy immortality in a number of different ways. Either preserving your body and recreating it, living in the astral plane of inside the internet, body-hopping, ext.
By unlocking a person’s spiritual potential one can give limited spiritual abilities. While without the near unlimited growth potential and absoluteness of their souls, they can train and gain powers similar to your own over time. Some people may have a natural aptitude that leads to greater rewards than the average person awakened with this power.

Essence of the Invader Lord
By drinking this glowing green essence you gain the power of the Invader! Becoming the literal embodiment of the fear of invasion and destruction by the unknown!

- You may design a new form for yourself, this form is far stronger than a human able to rip apart tanks and posses a host of abilities. You can also make separate transformations if you want, going in increments in power from your human form to your maximum strength. a single form can have a maximum height of 40-50 ft. You may transform into your human form and back again as you wish, although you can alter your human appearance as well.

-You have access to a powerful force called Destruction Energy, this power can emulate nearly any effect you wish from energy beams, granting yourself super powers, and altering matter. Just about any special effect can be emulated. The only limitation is the amount of Destruction Energy you possess which at first is a large reserve and fully capable of destroying a city by yourself, but enough usage will see your power reserves drained. It does naturally regenerate after use.

-You may choose to travel to new universes as you please, entering into a new universe allows you a chance to redesign how you look and your servitor race. If killed you are simply thrown out of the current universe and are unable to return to it for at least a 100 years from the time you were killed. Each time you are killed in a universe this time period increases. Your servitor race continues to exist in that universe however, and its possible they can bring you back early if they are able to perform certain rituals and will attempt to do so. But they are resource intensive and elaborate. You can not truly be killed, at worst reduced to a consciousness without a body until you build a new one, and nothing can destroy your soul. You can choose to relinquish your title and move on to whatever comes next at any time however.

-Each time you enter a new universe you may design an servitor race as your invaders. This race can have sub-species and in fact be multiple species. You may choose up two out of the three following themes for your race:
Super Science: Your race has advanced technology with often bizarre weapons and devices. Rayguns, giant robots, freeze rays, and many other toys.
Mysteroius Powers: A sub-set of your population has access to a system of magic, psionics, or superpowers. And can build items that work on this power and in fact your races entire "technology" is based on this force. You can design this power and how it works as you wish.
Bio Race: Your race itself is the weapon, able to change their forms to fit situations and may possess different breeds built to task. All of your "technology" is organic and alive.
By mixing these styles you get certain types of Invaders. Super Science + Mysterious Powers means that on top of super science maybe certain members have psionic powers or space magic. Bio Race and Super Science means they are all cyborgs or robots. Mysterious Powers + Bio Race means the race itself all has powers, such as Super Saiyins or Skrulls.
In truth your race is empowered by Destruction Energy and in general there is only a thematic difference in these styles and your alien race starts off starts off with sufficient capability and power to potentially conquer modern day Earth. As you conquer worlds and gain more Destruction Energy their abilities will grow in strength and versatility.

-When entering a new universe you may choose to have your invading army materialize in a uninhabited space that will essentially become your new home. It might be a planet in the solar system, underground, under the sea, or even a pocket dimension. Cities and support bases also materialize and you may choose to retro-actively edit in signs of your species existence into history. Effectively making it a hidden civilation from the dawn of time. Your species technology is completely adapted for whatever environment you choose. And you always have some form of FTL in a form that you wish for.

-By conquering/destroying other civilizations you gain more Destruction Energy and more ways to use this power. This increases your standard pool of power and even after extreme use of energy the power will regenerate to your current "pool" size.

- The Invader Lord can decide on three bonus objectives for each invasion that give extra Destruction Energy for their completion. These objectives can range from anything from kidnapping beautiful women/men for your harem, engaging in mad science experiments, gladiatorial blood sports, or bombarding the population with bad poetry and Hello Kitty products. These bonus rules also allow you to set certain abilities and styles for your armies and yourself in tune with your bonus objectives. Perhaps a bonus objective is to feed off happiness, then your race may be alien space clowns that literally feed off making people laugh, ect. These objectives can give you a bonus up to the equal of the actual invasion itself in bonus energy, allowing a Invader Lord to theoretically continue to grow in power in some measure even if they truly wish to not destroy or conquer worlds in a harmful sense. Although never to the full level of an Invader Lord who actually engages in conquest and destruction.

Essence of the Grand Line

By drinking this shockingly disgusting fruit drink, you gain powers from the world of One Piece!

Start off as strong as Luffy at the start of the series. You may redesign your appearance right after you drink this essence. You also start off with access to all three forms of Haki although the stronger abilities need to be learned and trained. Your ability to learn and train is enhanced and you will find gains in your abilities to come in leaps and bounds.

You have access to any known Devil Fruit power and can in fact make your own. You can only access one at a time, although the switch rate is rather quick. New powers must be made in accordance with the rules and types of Devil Fruits, and come with their generic and specific weaknesses. However you can turn DF powers off entirely, and go without any of their weaknesses.

At any time you may pull a seed out of your pocket or have it appear in your hand. This seed will quickly grow if planted into a strange plant and within a week give you a Devil Fruit based on whatever DF power you choose. This fruit acts like a normal DF and you can make only one copy of a specific fruit at any one time, but if a fruit you make is back in fruit form you can summon it back to yourself.

You can also temporarily turn off a devil fruit power from fruits you yourself have grown. 

You can transform into a member of any of the many sapient tribes of people that live in OP. From Mer-men to Long Legs to Giants and Minks. And can even turn willing people into other races as well. You are a rather outstanding member of said race in physical abilities and their individual powers.

Though dreams or meditation you can enter a weird island space filled with poneglyphs and Easter Island heads, these poneglyphs carry the knowledge and memories of the OP world. Everything from Fishman Karate to how to make cyborgs is here. Although finding it and studying it can be a pain. Some poneglyphs are encrypted and need time to translate. Also you can read real world poneglyphs as well.

You gain a ship you can summon on any body of water that can hold your ship. Its essentially a reskin of the Thousand Sunny with similar capabilities. You can use this ship to travel from any body of water on Earth or wherever you are to the One Piece world. And in time maybe even farther. The ship comes with a small four man core of a nakama. They can be canon or AU versions of people from the series, or even tailored made by you. However starting off they are about as strong as the starting stawhat crew, with you as the strongest person on the ship. How this occurred to someone who started off more powerful is a mystery.

Essence of the Hentai Tentacle Monster
By drinking this green potion you are transformed into the ultimate tentacle monster! A fiendish monster of hentai!
You can design a monstrous form with superhuman attributes you can transform into at will. For the most part you have complete control over your shape and size to a limit of 20ft tall at maximum height. You are effectively immortal and have incredible regenerative powers.
You are able to form tentacles of various shapes and sizes to incredibly flexible and fragile tendrils perfect for fine manipulation beyond the human norm, to strong main tentacles. The heads can be pensile sensitive to form actual weapons or extra sensory organs.
You can emit and control pheromones and chemicals with a myriad of biological uses, from instilling lust or fear, to controlling a subjects sensitivity, fertility, cause hallucinations or amnesia, and other bodily functions. Can be emitted as a gas or adminstried as a liquid. Extensive use will temporary drain your reserves.
You have the power to transform and manipulate the bodies of your targets. You can change genders, turn them into monster hybrids and change their appearance or other biological factors. Essentially making a target biologically any age you desire and biologically immortal.
Any powers or abilities that would normally impede sexual intercourse with a person can not affect you. From poison or energy draining powers, to mental inability to feel pleasure or enjoy sex.
You can also bound partners to yourself, bound partners are a mystical bound that can not be broken and make a telepathic connection between the two of you. Multiple bounded partners can be made. Bonded partners can be resurrected if killed. And a bonded partner will allow you to resurrect yourself as well. This can take the form of super fast and easy pregnancy or just forming out of energy they exude.
Can feed on sexual energy, both to replace the need for food and drink, and to empower yourself further.
You have access to the Power Pervert, a mystical cosmic force of perversity! This energy can be used to emulate most supernatural abilities in you and your bound mates. You have a pool of energy that naturally regenerates from use, and it will increase from your sexual conquests.
The Power Pervert will replicate the powers and abilities of your sexual conquests. You can also gain knowledge and skills though sex. Replicated powers do not drain your energy reserves.
Travel between dimensions using the Power Pervert. Can open portals to other universes in tantric rituals.

Essence of the Evolving Vessel

By drinking this green potion you gain the ability to summon a super vehicle capable of evolution!

Choose between “magic” or “science” while the capabilities of either are the same it does change how your vehicle works and how its abilities seem to function. This is mostly just visuals of your new Vessel. From using nanites to self-repair to magically reforming after damage, ect.
Pick a form and make its appearance however you wish it to be. It could be a naval vessel, a starship, or even a police box. Your vehicle can change its form for different functions but this will be considered the default form.
At the beginning your vessel’s outward appearance can only be as big as a decent sized navel vessel. However it is bigger on the inside and is about the size of a large mansion. You may choose how this layout works and change it as you wish. You can make it look exactly like it should and no one can find its inner space unless you wish them too.
Your vessel drains power from its surroundings naturally in a variety of different ways and therefore can function indefinitely. It is self-repairing and possess weapons that are fairely stronger than most modern weapons. It’s incredibly strong and tough by modern standards, but can become much stronger over time.
You may choose to start some esoteric abilities to start such as a working cloak device, teleporters, changing form to work in a different environment (such as turning into a submarine mode or tunneling underground) but these abilities are only medium in power and effectiveness. Multiversal and time travel may not be taken at first. However you may choose to be placed into a specific universe or time when you first receive your vessel.
Your ship can be summoned to you at any time, no matter its location. It essentially has a basic AI or spirit and can follow mental commands.
Over time your vessel can develop new powers and capabilities. You and your ship now have an EXP similar system, and it gains new powers and abilities as you spend this EXP. You gain this EXP thought feats and actions you can decide at first. Defeating enemies, gaining notable sexual conquests, sacrificing enemy souls, completing quests given by the Ship’s AI, ect. Or even a combination of them. It should be noted that more powerful functions should correlate to higher requirements of EXP.
Specific powers may also require quests for specific materials or actions. If you wish to add specific technology of a high level you may have to acquire it for consumption by your vessel, gain resistance to magic by giving the ship the body of a magical creature. Most quests can be avoided with a massive EXP buy out instead.
This can be leveraged into powers and abilities for yourself, but these abilities are dependent on the overall strength of your vessel. Simply powers like regeneration and fire control should be easy to acquire but truly powerful abilities or effects like being as strong as superman should be epic quests. They also may come with limitations, such as the power being generated by your vessel and it needs to be in range or undamaged.

Essence of Universe Attunement
By drinking this essence you may attune your existence to any fictional world or universe you wish. Granting you many powers and abilities based on that work of fiction.
You may switch between your attuned universe and your home universe at will, or if you have other travel powers wherever in the multiverse you currently are.
Starting off you may choose a single franchise or particular iteration of a franchise of your choosing, giving you several options of starting choices:
You may choose race,career, and other starting options of that universe and transform into them.
You may choose powers, conditions, and backgrounds of a particular franchise or specific character. Such as being a force sensitive, a bleach shinigami, or having Marvel mutant powers. Or say having the money and intelligence of Bruce Wayne or the powers of Monkey D Luffy. However you only start at the initial power level they were first shown with. And can’t pick exceptionally powerful beings such as skyfathers, cosmic beings, Golden Superman, ect.
You may "summon" (more like conjure a copy of) items, vehicles, creatures, and other things of your attuned universe.These summonable objects start off as either common to the world or are objects popularly associated with the franchise in question. Blasters would be considered common items from Star Wars and Light Sabers would be popularly associated with Star Wars, despite being extremely rare in the galaxy.
You can use any item as if you fulfill any requirements needed for the item such as mana, being a particular race,specific person, ect,, and all items and other things have an inbuilt restrictions to follow your commands and not harm you. Even just a pistol from some action movie universe will simply fail to fire if pointed at you.
Items and objects that have downsides that negatively affect the wearer do not affect you or people you choose not to. A magic sword that controls the user or drains his life force will simply no longer do so while still having access to the powers it should still have.
Specific items may be summoned back to the attuned if lost or stolen. Expended or broken items would have to be re-summoned.
As your attunement grows your power and the rarity of the items you can summon and control go up as well. Attunement grows naturally over time, but can be hastened with time spent in your attuned universe, and the more you interact and affect the universe in question. Becoming an infamous pirate captain in a One Piece universe would affect the rarity of summonable items, and your overall power level.
Also increase Attunement by cross pollinating your current universe with the “essence” of your attuned universe. This starts with just bringing over items and things Acting in a way that in accordance with your attuned universe and eventually this effect will bleed over, allowing other things such as people, powers, and even metaphysical concepts to cross over. An example would be having a One Piece style pirate crew in your original universe or the marvel universe, and eventually “wild” devil fruits may start appearing and shonen style fights become more the norm, until actual portals and mergings start to happen.
You may perform a ritual to attune to a new franchise or universe, effectively freezing your current level of attunement with your previous universe and starting a new one.You may still use items summoned and still possess more mundane skills and abilities you have from the previous attunement. And at any time may switch back to any of your previous attunements at will.
Starting a new attunement will not affect the level of crossover already in your current universe. And if continued may result in a truly weird world.

Essence of the Polymath
By consuming this essence you possess the power to become the potential master of all skills and professions. Able to become a master of a skill to superhuman levels in mere moments, as long as you have a free charge.

-You body has been improved, removing health issues and generally made “superbly average”. A body that is good in all traits but not superhumanly so.

-Granted 20 "charges" that can be "invested” into a skill, profession, job, ect. Each skill can have up to five charges at a time as a maximum.

-Charges are essentially “placed” in a category, skill, or profession, this charge is held up until you remove its effect and “place” it in another category. Up to five charges can be placed under any one skill or profession. Skills under five charges disappear immediately after being removed, over five the amount of time you’ve had it at five allows you to keep some skill and talent in that area for a similar amount of time.

-A single charge gives you competent knowledge and experience in that profession. Two charges makes you the equivalent of respected master or genius. Three makes you a singular genius in your field, guaranteed to make breakthroughs and advancements. And four starts to add supernatural effects to your skillset. Like say hollywood movie hacking and wire fu martial arts. And five is stronger supernatural abilities and effects.

-At five charges your skill emulates many supernatural or super science effects more akin to what you wish to have happen than what is actually physically possible. This effect grows in relation to how long you have the skill maxed out. At first you may be capable of making weird science like devices capable of effecting a city and equaling your random mad scientist. By the year end mark your the equal of Dr Doom, Reed Richards, Jimmy Neutron, and Dexter.

-This can be applied to fictional professions, but basically works as extreme trivia and knowledge until you start hitting four charge levels. For example being a Jedi or “Star Wars Enthusiast” would make you have an almost encyclopedic knowledge of the franchise, higher levels would make you a master at writing star wars related works and four-five would start allowing you to actually emulate force powers. Note with the two examples the Jedi would have force powers that would grow into the likes of EU jedi by the end of a year. While the “Star Wars Enthusiast” would have a more general star wars knowledge and start making actual devices from Star Wars. Even Starships would be possible.

-Maxed out skills start to help and blend together in similar fields. A maxed out construction and engineering would find it easier to make bigger and bigger starships from star wars. A candy maker and a weapons designer could make guns out of candy or that shoot candy at incredible speeds.

-Actual weaknesses and issues of these skills would be handled by the power, to continue the example the Jedi would not have to worry about falling to the Dark Side, and in general a “Sith” profession would not suffer the mind altering or body harming effects of the Dark Side.
Plywooddavid
Essence Of The Prime Conduit

(This small but elaborate bottle is shaped like a DNA Helix, and contains a vibrantly glowing liquid that constantly shifts between various shades of Blue and Red. It tastes like sweet Blueberry and Cherry, but burns the throat like neat vodka.)

This Infamous essence gives you several abilities and powers, and lets you change the world to your liking;
You gain a perfect mind in a perfect body, ready and fit for adventure. This will rise you to roughly Captain America/peak human levels of strength, agility, endurance, senses, reflexes and metabolic efficiency. You will be immune to any illnesses or diseases, up to and including cancer and AIDS, and even down to tooth decay, halitosis, body odor, vision problems and excess body fat. Your mind will be sharp and resilient, and you have perfect memory with perfect recall and indexing, plus the ability to learn new skills and knowledge rapidly and accurately. This health will maintain undiminished even into old age, although your lifespan will only be moderately enhanced (200 to 300 years naturally) barring further boons from elsewhere.
A one-time body re-sculpt to whatever body type/sex/age/features you wish, as long as it is theoretically still within human limits (You are allowed minor cosmetic changes such as unnatural hair, eye or skin colours - but no extra limbs or tails etc unless your Conduit Element or other boons grant it) You are completely resistant to mental trauma and will never develop psychosis, OCD, PTSD or other mental issues, up to and including minor things like anxiety and mild depression. Your mind will always be your own, resistant to any outside or unwanted influences. You will also always age gracefully in terms of both physical ability, attractiveness and mental agility. No hair loss, dementia, incontinence or arthritis - even in your late two hundreds, you’ll be in your relative prime, merely as a silver fox MILF or DILF rather then an old fart.
Enhanced durability, particularly relating to impacts. This allows you to survive severe car crashes with no injury and only the mildest and most fleeting disorientation, explosions merely bruised and singed instead of liquefied and/or incinerated, and even jump from the top of multi-story buildings and land with no damage to yourself (though damage to the sidewalk is another issue)
A strong healing factor, allowing you to shake off bullet wounds, blood loss and broken bones with only a few hours of uninterrupted healing time. You also tend to heal *cleanly*, getting even shredded flesh and intensely shattered bones back into their natural shape with minimal assistance and leaving only minor scars that will fade quickly. This can be enhanced even further by exposure to your Conduit Element, if you have a nearby source you can drain, you can heal from otherwise fatal wounds in minutes - though this healing factor can be worn down by excessive use in quick succession.
Diminished reliance on sleep, food, excretion and other basic bodily necessities as long as you gain regular exposure to your Element (Though you can still preform them all if you wish to).
Choose a Conduit Element - you gain the ability to drain, channel and manipulate (but not generate) this Element for a huge variety of purposes, up to and including but not necessarily limited to,
Energy blasts/beams/missiles, shields, flight, teleportation, regeneration, super speed and strength, shape shifting, healing, energy projection, restraints, armour, summoning golems/simulacra/weapons, matter manipulation, kinesis, sub-dimension creation and control, invisibility, many types of extra-sensory perception, time dilation, the possibilities are vast. At lowest level you will be able to throw simple fist-sized blasts of your Element, at highest you could turn into a gigantic Godzilla-like Titan of your Element and unleash nuclear bomb levels of devastation.
Your choice of Element is not limited to one of the traditional four
Fire,
Earth,
Air
And Water,
But far more tenuous and creative forces that could theoretically be classified as an Element. In Cannon and semi-canon materials alone we have

Electricity
Napalm
Ice
Tar
Neon
Video
Concrete
Paper
Glass
Radiation
Wire
Masonry
Radio
Plants
Ink
Carpentry
Metal
Mirror
Shadow
Organic/Flesh
Smoke
And many others. If it could conceivably be referred to as an Element or Energy, you can choose it.
You can also choose the exact details of how your powers manifest during use, down to the colours, size, texture and shape of your aura and attacks. Think City Of Heroes power customization. Always wanted glowing eyes and tattoo-like veins of energy? To leave a glowing trail of rainbow mist as you fly? You got it!
Note you can also gain extra/bonus abilities if they are linked thematically to your main element. For example, Cole McGrath’s Lightning Element also included elements of Thunder and Magnetism manipulation, and Hank Daughtry’s Smoke manipulation also included Flames and Heat, you can have similar bonuses if it fits your theme, like Mirror and Glass or Water and Ice. You also get a buff to inspiration and innovation with your powers, allowing you to unlock ever more abilities as you practice and time passes.
You could alternatively choose to be a Syphon. This would allow you to gain access to the Element of another Conduit you have had direct skin contact with, allowing you to hold a library of dozens or even hundreds of different elements should you choose. There are three downsides to this - 1) You can only use one element at a time and must drain from a new source to switch Elements, it’s not automatic and you can’t combine them or use more then one type at a time. 2) You will take much longer to master and understand the powers granted then the original Conduit (unless there are Blast Cores involved, but that’s another story) 3) You will never be able to master an Element as well as the original Conduit, leaving the highest level and most complex abilities beyond you. You’re essentially trading Power for Flexibility.
Either way you have complete control over your powers and abilities. They can never be taken from you, surprised or diminished in any way without your conscious consent, and never working in a way that causes you or people you care about any harm or difficulty. You can also use them at any level from minimum to maximum with complete instinctive control and skill, and will learn new abilities and powers with the same control as time goes on.
You gain an internal ‘Battery’ of power. All your abilities except the basic physical and mental enhancements run off this battery. You can fill this and utilize your higher level powers by draining sources of your Element, allowing you to access greater abilities. If your power source is easily locatable like Smoke (pull from vents or exhausts) or Electricity (power cables or generators - or lightning storms), you’re golden. Drained sources will generally refill within five minutes or so unless they have a finite charge by default (so for Electricity a substation would refill but a car battery wouldn’t).
Your battery will also slowly recharge by itself, meaning you don’t actively have to search out replacement sources all the time, but if you run dry in the heat of the moment, you’re in trouble. Your overall capacity will slowly increase as you age, and can be sped up by frequent practice/exercise with your powers.
You also have 'Healing Blood' ala golden age Superman. A transfusion from you (or any other Prime Conduit), will act as a near panacea, curing a huge variety of illnesses, diseases and other conditions in people, boosting their metabolism and making them feel decades younger and healthier, giving medical treatments a huge bonus to effectiveness, and with study drastically improving medical science and helping to alleviate suffering worldwide. Will you give regular donations for science, allowing medicine to progress rapidly and ensure this spreads across the globe? Or horde it for the rich and powerful, making people dependent on you for their continued survival? It's up to you.
As a Prime Conduit, you have the ability to share/inflict your powers on other, lesser Conduits should you choose, primarily through transfusions to those with a latent Conduit gene. There are generally three types of Conduit.
Prime Conduits like you, who have the highest and most versatile level of abilities and tend to develop them naturally through dangerous situations or emotional stimuli, or through exposure to Ray Field Radiation
Beta Conduits - who tend to never develop powers without exposure to either a high dose of Ray Field radiation or the direct intervention/blood transfusion of a Prime Conduit, and have comparatively lesser power and versatility.
Artificial Conduits - Normal humans who through one of several types of brutal scientific procedure have Conduit abilities forced into them. Tend to be powerful but severely disturbed, and have a short lifespan.
As a Prime you can give Betas a lesser version of your abilities, creating a legion of loyal super soldiers like the D.U.P or Vermaak 88. You can also reclaim these abilities at any time, rendering them powerless again. Alternatively you can choose to be immune to power-sharing so as to avoid the hassle. (Note Syphons cannot get this ability)
You gain a degree of ‘animal magnetism’ a subconscious force of charisma and manipulation that other people, and especially other Conduits will be drawn to. Either as a earnest, shy do-gooder or a fiery, acerbic thug, people will respect you and be intrigued by your skills and personality, allowing you to gain friends, allies and rivals wherever you go.
You can choose how and when this ability manifests itself, allowing you to walk through crowds and people unbothered and anonymous, or catch people’s eyes from across the street or miles away with your stride and voice alone. You can appear as a shy but extremely lovable awkward goof like Otacon from MGS or Cole from DA:I, or a suave, supernaturally graceful bad-ass on par with Dante or Virgil, depending on your personality and choices. Either way you can control this power either consciously or subconsciously at your discretion, and you can always make the impression you want on people. Other Conduits in particular will tend to find you intriguing and be sexually attracted to you and willing to have relationships or flings/one night stands at your leisure.
None of these mental changes will alter your personality or morals in any way that you yourself do not actively choose - the essence will prevent you from screwing yourself up or changing yourself in anyway you do not or would not desire or would come to regret.
You can also choose to gain two romantic partners as a Triad Relationship (Conduits tend to come in/join up together in threes, Alden, Sasha and Kessler who all worked in the First Sons, Cole, Nix and Kuo who teamed up in New Marais, Delsin, Fetch and Eugene taking down the DUP in Seattle) This power will guide you towards your perfect partners. Creating two people, who are not only perfect for you, but each other as well. They are certain to be Conduits unless you specify otherwise, and they will have a compatible orientation to make the relationship work, whatever your sexual determination and fetishes are. Two guys, two girls, guy-and-girl, transsexual, other - whatever would suit you best, they will exist find you.
At some point in the future, it might be days, weeks or years down the road, you are going to meet, and like lighting from the heavens it’ll hit you - you’re home. As your bond grows you will be able to share emotions and minor aspects of your powers, drawing you closer together then any non-conduit relationship could ever be. The relationship will not be flawless (no human relationship is) but the love you share will be real and endure your whole lives and beyond. This will do wonders for your and your partners emotional stability and happiness, and you won’t just be happy, you’ll all be proud of what you are and who you become together. True love.
Alternatively you can go for a straight Harem Mode, allowing you to create a happy willing stable of loyal super-bitches/bastards at your beck and call.
These choices also throw in Complete Porn Logistics for free. Anything and everything you would need in order to enact your sex fantasies is enabled for you. Legendary dick/vag? Check. Clean, pliable and lubed up orifices? Check. Master at giving and receiving pleasure? Check. Legions of interested, adventurous, trustworthy and discrete potential partners and opportunities? Check. Fetishes accepted by society, either widely or just for you? Check. Anthropomorphic furry sex beasts who always go into heat when you’re around? Sure, as long as it relates to the sexy. This only activates when you want it too, and only in the way you want it to for as long as you want it too.
Karma/Reputation - The actions you take in life and your career will now be tallied and add up to supernatural boosts to your reputation and relationships over time, granting you new respect, opportunities, contacts and even powers depending on how you act. A stalwart Hero will find themselves beloved by the nation, with friends at the highest levels of society, and all the rewards, respect and adulation due to such a paragon. A insidious Villain will find themselves feared and obeyed, with contacts at the lowest levels of society and leverage over the great and good, and all the power, respect and fear such a person deserves. Unlike the games, you can pursue both of theses extremes simultaneously if you choose, becoming a desperate villain who secretly fights to better the world, or a renowned hero who will cross any line to get the job done - Forge Your Legend - it’s up to you.
To help you craft this role, you will also be supernaturally immune to any past actions or mistakes coming back to haunt you. Your mistakes be they great and terrible or small and minor will be forgotten as long as you want them to and make some form of amends, or simply will it so. You’ll never have to worry about opponents with long-held grudges, tell-all books, libelous articles or historical investigations. In fact if someone tries to slander you or call you out for their own reasons over some perceived crime, error or slight, be it for personal gain, amusement, retribution or just spite, it will instead backfire on them and cause them ridicule and strife. Or you can choose to allow this theoretical past deeds come to light, and decided how people react to them, either respecting your genuine regret and contrition, or fearing the depths of your abilities - it’s your choice.
You can also choose to enact a more projective form of Karma, making your actions and deeds have a wider effect on the world as a whole. Treat people with respect and kindness, and they will become more worthy of that blessing, becoming better more worthy people. Or treat them like cattle or drones, and they will become more fitting for it, loosing their will to resist and being content in their slavery. You can spread this as far as an entire Nation, or as focused as a single person, it’s your choice. You inspire others, be it for better or ill.
This also grants you a degree of Plot Armor of your choice. You could be the absolute center of the universe, with fate itself striving to put you in the right place at the right time for any event you choose, unable to be beaten or fail in a task and save all, survive any dangers with your reputation becoming legendary and hailed far and wide as the greatest of your generation. Or the exact opposite, ensuring you avoid any danger and infamy, letting you drift contently and anonymously through simple slice of life adventures with friends. You may also switch between either of these extremes as you will, following a week of death defying adventure and world shaking battles with a few weeks of hanging out happily with your friends/family. This also includes reincarnation should you die, with your choice of new body/circumstances and powers, and whether you instantly regain your memories, or at a certain point, or never. You can make other souls of people you choose reincarnate this way too, until you tire and want to go to the true afterlife or whatever comes beyond.
World - You can retroactively change the world you are currently in in a number of ways - or create a new one and travel to and from it at will -
Conduit Origin - have Conduits always been a part of humanity? Have they only recently appeared? Will they not show up till the far future? It’s up to you.
Conduit Amount - how common are Conduits? One in a billion? Million? Thousand? Every other person? Are any people you know personally? Or by reputation? Do you want to design others? It’s up to you.
Conduit Variety - How many Prime Conduits are there? How many Betas? How many Syphons? How many latents that could awaken? Do artificial Conduits exist? Are they sane and stable? Do all Conduits get the same blessings as you? Are there varieties that haven’t been mentioned here? More? Less? It’s up to you.
Conduit Response - Are Conduits loved or feared? Do people dream of becoming Conduits, or fear it? How are they policed? Are they experimented on? How does the Media view them? Are there fan clubs? Hate groups? You decide.
Ray Field Effects - has Ray Field technology been discovered and/or perfected in this world? Is there Conduit-compatible technology and augmentations? Are Blast Cores a thing? Is the deadly Plague that Ray Field radiation caused in the Cannon universe also applicable in this world? Is it less or more deadly? Are Ray Spheres a common way of gaining powers? Do they still require human sacrifice? It's up to you.
Other Supernaturals - are Conduits the only supernatural force in your world? Are there other types of superpowers? Mutants? Aliens? Magic? Ghosts and Gods? It’s up to you.
Your Place - are you just a regular joe? A celebrity? A soldier? A superhero? A criminal? A king? Were you always this way? It’s up to you - write the history and skills you want.
The World Tone - is your world a idealistic utopia? A grim dark dystopia? Saturday morning superhero cartoon? Cyberpunk mess? Steampunk fantasy? Any and all changes are available, and up to you.
Knowledge - do you remember the choices you’ve made? Are you a blank slate? Instinctive knowledge? Somewhere in between? It’s up to you.
As a final boon you may choose to designate one place as your Homebase. You will never be hurt or attacked in this place, and will respawn here if you die to accident or violence. You may move this place up to once yearly.
AcridComet
Essence of the Stone Mask
By imbibing this blood red concoction you gain several benefits.
You gain the biology of a Pillar Man, including immortality, absolute control over your body, the ability to fuse organic beings together, speed and reflexes to track bullets, regeneration, and enhanced strength. However, you are vulnerable to sunlight (both natural and artificial), which causes you to turn into a statue that may only awaken through time or significant amounts of absorption.
You also gain a set of unique biological abilities based around an element. Examples include Wind, Fire, Light, Electricity, or any other Element you can think of. The manifestation can be literal, metaphorical, or even incidental, but must have something to do with the element in question. These manifestations are unique, but you may develop more over a period of study.
As an optional bonus, you may develop the powers of Vampire: further enhanced strength, the creation of Zombies, the rapid freezing of your blood and body, and firing a strange, deadly energy from your eyes.
You gain the knowledge of how to create Stone Masks. However, your masks are capable of creating Vampires or turning the Wearer into a new Pillar Man. Pillar men may automatically have a unique "element ability" at your discretion.
You are capable of creating a Mask that can remove your weakness to sunlight, allows you to copy the abilities and forms of any creature on earth, and drastically shortens the time it takes to develop your other abilities. However, it requires a massive amount of power in order to be used (about as much as strike of lightning, or the hooking it up to a nuclear reactor. These will be drained of all power to fuel your transformation, and the Mask will be destroyed. Plan carefully.
As a final benefit of this Essence, you and anyone affected by your Stone Masks do not require sustenance in order to use your abilities. You may still choose to eat like a human, vampire, or Pillar Man should you wish.

Essence of the Joestar
By imbibing this orange sparkling beverage you gain several benefits (shoulder star optional)
Your body is increased to the peak of human ability. Strength, stamina, and dexterity easily surpassing Olympic athletes, as well as near perfect health.
You gain the ability to use Hamon: a powerful energy created by breathing. Hamon is capable of applying a variety of effects to organic objects and liquids, such as: hardness, sharpness, programmed movements, and even increasing strength and durability. Hamon may also heal from grievous injuries as long as blood continues to flow to the extremity (be it yourself or another person), and slows down the aging process equal to the amount of Hamon your body can store.
Your initial store of Hamon is average for a human. However your reserves and precision increase rapidly, enabling you to match the sheer energy of the sun after a few years and potentially beyond that should you truly practice.
You can teach people the art of Hamon, and they in turn can teach others. While no one will be as powerful as you, those you personally teach will still be incredibly powerful.
You additionally gain a Stand: a manifestation of your inner desires and character that may interact with the world. It appears however you wish. Your Stand is particularly potent, easily rivaling Star Platinum and The World, with an unlimited range. This Stand may possess any power, up to limited Reality Warping and Time Freezing. Alternatively you may possess several weaker powers, such as having the powers of Magicians Red, Killer Queen, and Hermit Purple in a single Stand.
You may give and remove the ability to form Stands to anyone in the world, with or without knowing the person, and from any point on the planet.
You may Absorb the Stands of others. Absorbing the Stand of another person grants you the power of that Stand, as well as allowing you to give that particular Stand to another person should you desire.

Essence of the Fetish Master
By imbibing this creamy concoction you gain several sexy superpowers!
You gain an immortal body that conforms to your most sexy ideal. Muscular hunk with a foot long cock? Busty Catgirl amazon? Tentacled Futa Orc? Anything you desire to be you can. Additionally, you may shapeshift in accordance to your fetishes, such as growing and shrinking body parts, gaining animal traits, etc.
You function under Porn logic at any point you want. Suddenly sexy neighbors, clean holes, stretchy orifices, lack of back pain from impossibly big tits, etc. Every detail may be turned on and off, but only if you truly wish them to be.
You can gain and remove any sort of powers you wish, from super strength, flight, and mind control to lust beams and milk cannons. These powers must be used for sexual purposes, though just using the superhero schtick to get laid later on does count for this purpose. You can also grant these powers to others for similar purposes.
You may choose to make yourself sexually attractive to anyone you would desire. Long term relationships still require some form of chemistry.
Any partners you have a connection with may have their fetishes altered to any specifications you desire. They will find nothing strange about this.
You are able to travel the multiverse in search of sexual partners. This comes naturally and easily to you, but sadly non-sexual clothes cannot travel between universes.

Essence of the Thoughtform
By imbibing this Essence you gain several abilities.
Beyond genius level intellect and infinite multitasking capability.
A perfect memory with infinite storage.
Your mind is eternal, existing even after your body has stopped functioning.
You may separate your mind from your body, allowing you to project across space, time, or even across other universes. This allows you to view events remotely, even travelling the multiverse. You may control your body, even from impossible distances with no additional effort.
You may not interact with (or be damaged by) anything in your projected state. However, some abilities (such as telepathy) may allow their user to see or connect with you.
While in your projected state you may possess people in these locations. This causes you to feel what they feel, and places their consciousness in a sort of "sleep".
You may, at your discretion, establish a permanent link with the person you are possessing. This effectively makes them "your body" for all intents and purposes. You may choose if you destroy, subsume, or exist beside their natural consciousness. Such links may be terminated at will.
All powers that a controlled body has are intuitive and natural. Should you establish a permanent link, then this power is available at all your bodies. This does not transfer weaknesses.

Essence of the Dreaming
Imbibing this fanciful concoction gives you several powers.
You gain a Fae Soul; an immortal and eternally reincarnating extra soul that promotes creativity. Unlike other Changelings, you will always remember your past lives. Should you choose, you will always be the dominant personality.
You are able to enter "The Dreaming," which is a fanciful personification of the collective imagination of humanity. This place is not without dangers, but you may create safe paths through areas you have explored before.
You gain a fantastical form based on folklore and your innate desires known as a Fae Mein. This may be anything, from a large stone giant to a small gnome to a strange monster-girl(or boy). This is your default form in the Dreaming, and in the real world you may shift between this form and your normal form at will.
You gain 3 Birthrights, minor magical powers that are linked to your Fae story. Examples include flight, durable skin, gaining strength from duty, or changing into a single animal.
You may change your Fae Mein and Birthrights by spending an hour in concentration.
You gain access to some of the Artes and Realms of the Changelings. Artes are an effect, such as lighting something on fire or changing something (or someone) into a frog. Realms are a what you may use them on, such as lighting your knife on fire, or turning your neighbors cat into a frog. You may create new Artes and Realms with time and effort.
You may create Chimera. Objects and beings made from the substance of the Dreaming. Anything from a simple rock to a cthuloid monstrosity can be made, but the more powerful it is the harder it is to create. Mortals can only see Chimera if you choose to make them visible.
You may use the Chimera in the real world as normal should you choose, but the mortals surrounding you cannot interact with the objects. A sword may cut a mortal, but that mortal may not pick up that sword: his hand will just pass through it.
You may imbue an object or Chimera with your Artes. This is called a Treasure, and allows anyone to use the Arte as normal. You may imbue Treasures with Artes you do not possess if it is thematically or symbolicly appropriate, such as making a sword light in fire at will or having gauntlets that increase your strength.
You may place a shard of yourself into another mortal, slowly growing into an ordinary Fae soul for them to use. Your powers are weakened slightly for a few days after this, before returning to full strength. The seeds turn people into ordinary Changelings, gaining a fae mein and being able to interact with the Dreaming as you do. You may also take this soul from them, causing intense pain.

Essence of the Forsaken
By imbibing this beverage of liquid moonlight you gain several benefits.
You become a special Breed of shapeshifter from the World of Darkness, unique in your own right.
Choose an animal. You now have 4 additional forms based on this animal that you may shapeshift into. The Near human form; a form that is human at a distance, similar to Killer Croc or the classic Wolfman, The Warform: a hybrid form that combines the deadliest aspects if animal and man, The Dire Form: a large and powerful version of your chosen animal, and the Animal itself. You may shift between your human form and these forms at will.
You gain a powerful regenerative ability, able to heal cuts and bruises in a matter of seconds. Severed limbs will also heal, taking a few hours to grow back. The only exception is wounds caused by silver, which can take several hours to heal.
You gain a connection to a phase of the moon. Upon seeing this phase in the sky, you feel instantly restored, as if you had a full night of sleep and several hours to regenerate.
You gain a connection to the Umbra, a place where the spirits of the world reside. You may enter the Umbra at any point by looking into a reflective surface.
You may learn the powers of Garou and Fera innately if taught the various Spirits of the Umbra. These powers vary, typically resembling the fictionalized extremes of natural phenomena, such as a rabbit's speed, a rats famous bite, or the power of an earthquake. These powers may also be more literal, such as shooting a fireball, or camouflaging yourself in the forest. They are as varied as the spirits that teach them. You innately and naturally understand these powers.
You may, with proper knowledge, create Rituals to empower those around you, either turning a human or animal into a shapeshifter, with the same four forms that you have. Animals gain a slight boost to their intellect as well.
Additionally, you may use your rituals to provide small buffs to fellow shapeshifters, such as a limited danger sense or a temporary invisible armor.
You may, through dealings with a spirit, coax it into inhabiting an object. This object gains unique powers based on the spirit inside of it, such as a fire spirit lighting a blade on fire or a time spirit showing whenever time is disrupted. Objects you or another shifter make themselves tend to be preferred.
When you breed with someone, any offspring you have will carry a small connection to the spirit world, and may become a shifter, unless the child is born between two shapeshifters. Then it automatically be a shifter, innately born into the warform.

Essence of the Ascension Warrior
By imbibing this liquid, the secrets of the universe unfold.
You gain knowledge of the Truth of reality: It is Malleable, controlled by the underlying consensus of the sentient. And in doing so, you've learned to Express your own beliefs, becoming a Mage
Choose how your reality expresses itself, otherwise known as Magic. This can be anything from standard druidic practices to creating fantastical mathematics that prove you right. Almost anything can define your magic.
The magic you use depends on a metaphysical understanding of the world. The interactions may take time, effort, and study, but virtually anything is possible.
Your magic takes time, requiring several minutes of ritualized use of your method (things like an actual ritual, building a machine, or performing a long kata). However, you may develop shortcuts that drastically reduce the time it takes for a specific effect (such as waving a wand and saying "Fuego" to shoot a fireball). Developing a shortcut can take several hours.
You may likewise create wonderous objects with your magics bound into their being. These Wonders vary in difficulty to create, generally correlating to size and complexity of the desired Magic. A wand of Fireball is always going to be easier than gloves that mold all matter like clay. Anyone can use your wonders.
You may, at your choice, give others knowledge of the malleability of reality. This gift, once given, cannot be taken away.
Your powers are governed by the Consensus, a metaphysical understanding of the Majority that this *is* how the world works. Going against this concept makes the interactions of your magic difficult, especially with greater and greater numbers of witnesses. Though you can mitigate this with effects that slide beneath the notice of most people. If you should change a person's understanding of reality, then your magic will flow freely in front of them.

Essence of the Imbued
By drinking this white, milky beverage you become one of the Imbued
You heal several times faster than normal, recovering from broken bones and cut limbs in a matter of days.
You may sense all supernatural creatures, and pierce through things like illusions and invisibility automatically. This sense is perfect and infallible.
You gain several Edges; minor powers that grant an edge against the supernatural. These powers range from potent attacks, to minor healing, to minor future sight.
You may, over time, develop more Edges. These powers are generally street level, but more powerful abilities can develop as you grow in strength. More powerful abilities can take their toll on your body in painful ways, so be careful when using them.
As a final benefit, you may Imbue other people, granting them the same abilities you possess. This can only be done when the person is in the presence of a supernatural being other than yourself.

Essence of Ghennas' Harbinger
By Drinking the blood of the Most Ancient you gain power that is beyond compare.
You gain the immortal power of an Antediluvian; a powerful vampire with few equals. You are capable of feats of strength and speed far beyond even the greatest humans, and are almost indestructible. Sunlight is merely painful to you(though deadly to your progeny) and Fire and crosses may be seen as slight annoyances.
You may create progeny, which may in turn create progeny. Each step dilutes their power slightly, ensuring that none would be your equal. Differences will be highlighted if necessary. To do so, you need only feed a recently deceased person a mere drop of your blood. Though keep in mind the less blood you give them, the hungrier they will be.
Choose a type of vampire, such as the classic Dracula, or a hopping vampire, or even something like Alucard(Hellsing). You gain all of their power, as well as logical extrapolations of their powers up to continent destroying levels. You may also learnthe abilities of other kinds of vampires (again, with conceivable extrapolations and increased power) or create entirely new powers with minimal effort. Your progeny intuit your chosen archetypes powers, and require teachers to learn other kinds powers.
Your body is fueled by blood. While you are able to eat (and enjoy) food, it provides you no sustenance. Human blood now tastes like the finest wine, the best chocolate, and a rich steak somehow mixed pleasantly on your tongue.
You may store near endless amounts of blood for later use inside yourself. Despite this, you arent under some kind of "hyper pressurization" or something. The blood simply exists inside you, somewhere.
By feeding a small amount of blood to a human, you may grant them a fraction of your power. These "Ghouls" may easily go out in sunlight, and suffer none of the weaknesses of vampires. Additionally, as long as you feed them blood monthly they do not age. As a trade off, they must be kept hooked on your blood, or their powers will wane. Your progeny may also do this.

Essence of the Fallen
You become separated from the realm of the mortals and join the ranks of the Fallen: Beings who went against the plans of their creator, casting aside his orders to do what they thought was right. In becoming a Fallen, you become an Immortal spirit, capable of inhabiting (or if powerful enough, creating) bodies to interact with the world.
Your powers come from faith. Faith in yourself, preferably from others. This need not be religious fervor, instead being any sort of assurance you could offer. A reliable handyman, a noble defender, or a font of knowledge are all equally valid sources of faith. The more that know you, or the deeper their belief in you, the greater the power you gain.
You are able to perform Miracles: acts fueled by the Faith other beings have in you. These acts can range from slight boosts of luck to one, to causing plants to grow, to even manipulating the foundations of the universe. The more Faith you acquire, the greater these feats can (and will) be.
You gain the power to assume an Apocalypse Form when you are possessing someone. This form grant's several times the bodies natural strength, speed, and durability, on top of several natural abilities that come directly from the form. Your Apocalypse form may look however you wish, but be warned: all Apocalypse Forms carry an aura of fear in them, as if the wrath of an angry god was to descend at a moment's notice. Even those who know you would never harm them would be uncomfortable seeing you in this form.
You are outright immune to mind control, possession, illusions, disease, aging, and toxins. These immunities extend to whatever hosts you.

Essence of the Numina 
This plain bottle tastes distinctly of vanilla, but Imbibing it Grant's several Supernatural powers.
You gain the ability to intuit new concepts rapidly, becoming a master of a craft in a matter of months. These skills will not diminish with time.
You become a Psychic, capable of drawing on the energies of your mind to create phenomena. These powers range from telekinesis to technopathy, and grow with your usage of them.
You become able to learn the various kinds of magic, from mythical alchemy, to voodoo, to Omnyodo. You may create more based around fiction, but this will take longer than learning them.
You may create mystical fighting styles, such as lighting a sword on fire with your soul, or increasing your physical prowess with meditation. You may create and teach them to others, who may also create and teach them.
You are able to share your powers and knowledge with others through teaching them. This is exceptionally fast.

Essence of the Pentex
This cheerfully colored bottle hides a foul, brackish liquid that Grant's several powers.
You become an incredible business man/woman, capable of creating a multi-billion dollar business in a matter of weeks.
You gain an incredible sense of what to do to prevent, or even profit from scandals.
By concentrating, you or an underling of yours may condense a sort of metaphysical ooze made up of negative concepts. Things like pollution, greed, cannibalism, anything that is seen by the majority as being a "bad". You may use this for your other powers.
You may infuse the Ooze into objects or people, granting them thematic powers and mutations based on the concept involved. This power correlated directly to how much of the negative aspects are used by your business.
Anyone who imbibes the Ooze becomes unswervingly loyal to you, willing to perform any action without hesitation or complaint. Arguements may form if you force two people infected by opposing concepts to work together, but they will still work together to complete any task you give them.
This essence is not responsible for any nausea, blurred vision, murderous impulses, or sociopathy that may result from Pentex. If you experience any of these symptoms, please consult your nearest Magadon Pharmacist for treatment.
Pentex: an equal opportunity employer.

GetRektNuub

Essence of Overcoming Limitations
By drinking this sticky fluid that tastes strangely like lemonade you gain the following abilities:
This grants you a body that stands at the peak of whatever race that you start as and grants significantly higher strength, endurance, intelligence, wisdom durability, stamina, talent, coordination etc compared to the race. Alongside this the body can become even stronger without any limit with a decently high growth rate. This growth rate will also increase as you grow stronger. This also makes your mind significantly more resistant to anything that can negatively effect your mind(Boredom, Madness, Mind Control,Fear, Telepathy, Memetic effects of Lovecraftian horrors and many many more things). Even standing in front of Cthulhu wouldn't drive you insane unless it uses its full power to do so. And rest assured you can recover from it given sometime away from such things.
This essence grants you immortality in the form of infinite reincarnation allowing you to surpass the limits of mortality. This reincarnation cannot be stopped by any being no matter how powerful. You will only stop reincarnating if you truly with a completely sound mind wish for it. You can reincarnate in whatever world or universe that you choose fictional or otherwise. You can reincarnate as whoever you choose (Wanna be Superman Shagging Wonder Woman? Sure go ahead).
If and only if you choose to be Canon character then you can activate a sort-of built-in auto-pilot that will allow you to do the same things they would have done had you not reincarnated as them. You can toggle on-off this auto-pilot as you please.This can be complete auto-pilot or partial or no auto-pilot. This could be useful for universes that you have no knowledge of. This auto-pilot mode is fully under your control and cannot take over your body or form their own consciousness. This will allow you to understand whatever character you are reincarnated as.
When you reincarnate, your status as a reincarnator and out-of-world knowledge and skills etc are completely hidden from all beings who would normally know about it. This means that if you are reborn as a human then even if you were a god in previous lives nobody will be able to detect the divine power in your body. You could go to Marvel verse and stand in front of One-Above-All and he wouldn’t be able to tell that you don’t belong and he’ll receive info from his omniscience that you belong in Marvel. They’ll only know about this status if you tell them yourself and allow them permission to look in your mind.
When it concerns your outside knowledge your mind, body and soul are completely immune to anything that would disclose your secrets like telepathy, drugs etc. However, when it doesn’t concern such knowledge, the only protection you get is what is mentioned above unless you have additional abilities from somewhere else.
This immortality also allows you to retain everything. Anything physical, spiritual, mental such as memories, personality, skills, perks, abilities can be retained in subsequent reincarnations. You can discard or keep whatever you wish. If instead of dying from old age you are killed then in the next life you become immune to what killed you to a certain extent. (An example would be that if you died from Superman using his full power to rip your head off then should you reincarnate in the same universe Superman would need to use at least an order of magnitude more strength of kill you). Die enough times and you'll be invulnerable.
Any abilities like a Sacred Gear/Exaltation or such similar abilities will be copied and the original will be released back into the world after you move on to the next life.
This also gives you a higher than normal luck that can be further trained to become stronger. In the beginning this will be just enough for it to be noticeable such that while it won't let you clean out casinos it will let you win enough money to live a few months in luxury, get that one hot girl you didn't have a much of a chance with etc. But once it starts growing life might as well be a smooth sailing boat. Train it to a sufficiently high level and entire pantheon of gods can fall before your luck, even the dumbest plans you make will have a high chance of succeeding.
While this essence doesn't give you any knowledge or abilities in strategy, magic or ruling empires or anything that can be learned, If you manage to get your foot in the door, so to speak, your abilities will grow rapidly matching even the greatest of Archmages in a few years with this essence alone and surpass them if you have additional abilities that increase your growth even more.
Any abilities you have whether it is a spell, mutant power, your pool of magic, Divine Authority/Domains or merely just an ordinary skill will rapidly grow stronger eliminating weaknesses and limitations and adding new benefits surpassing what they previously were extremely quickly. Even the cost of using your abilities will continue to decrease with practice until you can use your skills for decades before feeling a noticeable dip in your power. This will even work on your essences and even similar abilities that help other abilities grow.
You can alter any of your abilities/powers if you choose to in some ways in order to make them stronger later on. Short term loss for long term gain. For example if you are a God with Weather/Lightning based Authorities/Domains then in your next life you can alter it so that your domain is lost but you get the ability to control weather as a power that will be just as strong as the domain and can be used anywhere, no longer dependent on the permission of the World or the need of atmosphere or a planet. But now it costs a lot of mana to use, while this is a loss initially,with training eventually the mana needed will become negligible and you'll be able to create planetary/cosmic storms and the like, with the strength and potency being still enough to kill gods and destroy planets. If other god couldn't resist your attacks before then they won't be able to resist it after the changes regardless of their immunity etc. And it will only get stronger with time.
This essence gives you minor porn logic enough to not harm partners during sexual activities and gives you a one time opportunity to decide what you look like and any look you chose will be absolutely gorgeous 10/10 to everyone. This is not some kind of allure effect, you just look that good. And this beauty will increase even more as you grow in life.
Any such abilities that are similar to this essence such as Peak body, learning ability, porn logic, immortality will stack regardless of any other CYOAs say. This will only work so long as they're sufficiently similar.
And finally, perhaps the greatest ability this essence grants is a multiplication to the Points and Choices available in CYOAs and Jumpchains. If a CYOA or jump gives you 10 points then multiply it by, 5 times the amount of available initial points, 50(10x50), if 100 points then (100x500) and so on and so forth. These extra points are not only to overcome the limitation of points available but also to upgrade available abilities and reduce drawbacks of the abilities. If an ability costs 10 points, then after spending 10 points to buy the initial ability there are various upgrades that can be added to the perk or skill or ability. Upgrades cost the same as the original price of the perk and how much of an upgrade you get depends on the number of points spent. Alongside the upgrades, the drawbacks of the skills can be reduced by spending points similarly. However, the points spent on removing each of the drawbacks will cost at least twice as many points as the initial points of the perk. The upgrades can be anything as long as they are relevant to the original ability and doesn't deviate too much from the general theme of the perk. (A peak human CANNOT become as strong as Superman by spending an additional 10 points). A drawback is anything you consider a drawback. Even Mandatory Drawbacks that are required to be taken without any extra points can be removed by spending points. But if there are multiple drawbacks in a skill for you then each drawback will have to removed individually by spending points as stated above. These points are available in every CYOA or jump that you do in a chain with this essence. You have almost limitless choices in a CYOA or Jumpchain and can buy any and all origins, abilities etc including the ones that contradict each other. They will blend seamlessly with each other, stack where necessary and never work to harm you. Wank Responsibly.

Essence of Infinite Adventure
By GetRektNuub and cliffc999
Drinking this Absolutely Glorious looking liquid gifts you the following benefits:
This essence allows you to start your own Omniversal Adventures. This ability to go on an Adventure is powered by your own soul. So the stronger your soul is, the more powerful the world you can go into. At first, this will be limited to relatively weaker worlds like Harry Potter, Game of Thrones, and the like. But as you make your way through your own story and complete Adventures your soul will grow and with it your ability to go on greater and more powerful Adventures, and to whatever world(s) that you may desire and as often as you wish. No longer shall you be at the mercy of those damn ROBs.
When you start an Adventure you may arrive in whatever manner you wish. Arrive fully adult like an isekai character, reincarnate into the body of a child being born (with your age of 'awakening' to your full memories and power set at anywhere you choose up to adulthood), be created or summoned by some native character, whatever is appropriate to the particular narrative. This does allow you to replace a 'canon' character if you so choose, but you cannot reincarnate into a character significantly more powerful than you are currently unless the power boost comes entirely from the new racial template.
If you choose you may stop in the middle of one Adventure to start another one, and then return later on to resume your original Adventure where you left off.
This Adventure wouldn't be infinite if you could die, so you are immortal now in the sense that your mind and soul are Absolute. Literally nothing, regardless of how powerful it might be, can alter them against your will, manipulate or control them, or harm them. This essentially gives you unlimited willpower, immunity to anything that affects your mind or soul, and a perfect memory with infinite storage. This does not affect your ability to learn from your mistakes or grow as a person.
As adventurers are rarely ugly or weak, at the time you drink this Essence and every time you reincarnate you get the opportunity to re-sculpt your body to your ideal desires and whatever aesthetics you choose.
Alongside this, you become the absolute pinnacle of whatever race you chose to be part of. Your strength, intelligence, speed, resilience, and everything else you can think of will represent the maximum potential of your heritage, and that's when starting out.
In addition to this you may with sufficient effort overcome the inherent limitations or weaknesses of your race. You can train yourself to be immune to sunlight or blood deprivation if you are a vampire, to ignore Kryptonite if you're a Kryptonian, etc.
Successful adventurers tend to be highly adaptable polymaths, so you will have an enormous amount of talent for pretty much anything you might wish to learn and an ideal growth rate. Provided that you possess the faintest capacity for whatever ability you're trying to develop you will be able to progress at incredible speed.
You also have minor porn logic.
If your body is destroyed then it will regenerate if you have a power that allows it. If you don't then you will reincarnate into another Adventure after you die. Since this essence doesn't provide any protection against your body being altered (unless you get something like that from elsewhere), you get a built-in switch to make yourself reincarnate at need. If you are reduced to a state where you would genuinely want to activate it but cannot consciously do so (such as being sealed or trapped in an infinite time loop), then this will automatically trigger. Reincarnating undoes all harm or unwanted changes done to you, regardless of its nature or source.
This reincarnation process allows you to keep the powers from your previous Adventures into following Adventures, and similar powers stack together to increase to beyond what they would be individually. Your powers cannot be taken from you, controlled, manipulated, copied or altered against your wishes as they are powered by your soul and no matter how many times you are destroyed your powers will not be affected. Every power, every ability, every perk is powered by your soul and you can be assured that any powers, abilities, curses etc., that affect your soul to weaken or destroy this power will fail to work.
You are immune to fate, prophecy and the like and they unravel around you as desired. If you reincarnate as a known character you can choose to have events go exactly like they did in canon or just interfere when you like or you can just flip fate upside down and do what you like.
Although your powers cannot be altered or taken against you, sometimes to defeat the bad guy you have to sacrifice your power to do it. Now you can do this too and no amount of resurrection or plot armor can save your enemies from a permanent death. However, unlike other protagonists you don't lose your powers permanently if you sacrifice them to take down an enemy. Instead you will regain the power that you sacrificed after 4 years and when your powers return they will be atleast an order of magnitude stronger.
Should you wish you can combine any similar abilities together instead of keeping them separate and this combined power will work same as it would have if you stacked the similar powers as mentioned above. This will help you keep track of the different abilities you have.
A dangerous ability that you possess is - Any ability you have whether it is a Spell/Power/Perk/Ability/Memetic effect or anything that affects somebody else's mind and soul is completely undetectable. Any kind of Telepathy, Soul manipulation, an scent/ability that makes other fall in love with you or anything similar such as fluids/pheromones being addictive or affecting their biological/chemical processes is also undetectable regardless of who that being is. All such powers will be effective on all manner of beings regardless of whether they are biological beings or energy beings. Even Abstract Cosmic entities and Omnipotent, Omniscient beings will not be able to detect it or stop it unless you wan them to. You may optionally discard this option just this once. Use it responsibly.
As your soul grows stronger, your powers will too. Initially, the strength of your powers will be limited to whatever Adventure you got them from but as your soul gets stronger the powers will rapidly grow in every aspect, reducing the limits and drawbacks and in time completely eliminating them.
If you find that you've become too powerful for Adventures to be any fun then you may choose to place as much of your power and potential as you wish 'in storage' when reincarnating, and reclaim it in a later reincarnation. Likewise, you may 'softcap' your growth or uncap it at will.
Finally, if you fail any Adventure then all you have to do is finish another Adventure in a separate world and you can go back to the one you failed and do it again. Learn from your failures and never give up, for your soul can reach infinity if you have the will.
Please note that these Omniversal adventures can be any type of adventures. Jumpchains, CYOAs or any combination of the two or anything else that you can imagine. If your adventures are a Jumpchain then at the end you'll receive an "Old-Walker Spark" and there can be no Jump fail scenario for you due to this essence and if it is a CYOA then same rules apply. And if you ever decide you need a break then you can spend as long as you wish in each world regardless of any drawbacks or scenarios you take.
The rewards you receive from your adventures will work as intended in all worlds and they cannot be hindered as you have already struggled to earn all your power.
Or if you eventually decide it's time to stop Adventuring of your own free will, then you may move on to whatever comes next.


Essence of Adventure Alteration
By drinking this essence you gain the following abilities
This essence provides you one and only one ability - You can change/modify the wording of any lore or perk or ability etc in any CYOA or jump that do in a chain to this one. This means that if you don't like any perk or ability that is available then you can completely overhaul it or make desirable changes or remove weaknesses,cooldowns etc.
This essence differs from Gamechanger and Rule Breaker essences in the sense that the changes you make doesn't have to follow the general theme of the perks. Yes, you can alter other essences with this including other META CYOAs as well. And as there are no points to spend on essences you may alter them as you wish. Anything that counts as a CYOA or Jumpchain can be changed.
If you wish you can add/remove perks, abilities etc but they must be consistent with the CYOA/Jump and cannot break the setting and appropriate cost must be assigned to it. You may however add or remove anything to META CYOAs like Essence META etc without limits.
However, there are certain limitations to this essence as mentioned below.
You cannot change the number of available points or prices of any abilities with this essence.
You cannot change any perk/ability to be more powerful than the points it is worth. For example you cannot change a 100CP perk in a jump and make it as powerful as a 600CP perk. You can only have it remain a 100CP perk.
You cannot take a drawback and then make it weaker to make things easier for yourself. Should you change a drawback then it must remain as effective and brutal as it's predecessor, though it can be easier to manage if you have any abilities from another world that help you deal with it.
The changes can only be done once unless you drink this essence again,somehow. For example: If you drink a few essences then drink this essence, you will be able to alter the essences(CYOAs) that came before this one and also the ones that come after this one. However, you can only do this once every time you drink this essence. If you somehow manage to replicate this essence(which is possible), then you can do so and change what you wish after you drink it.

Essence of the Anti-Immortal
By drinking this dark essence pulsing with an enormous amount of power, you become a being capable of killing that which cannot be killed.
Your mind, body and soul are elevated to the point that your body is strong enough to beat the Skyfathers to a pulp and take their blows without a single scratch on your nigh-indestructible body. Your mind surpasses the Ultimate Gods of Intelligence and Wisdom such that even a Matrioshka Brain would look like a dumb primitive monkey to your mental prowess. Your speed, agility, dexterity far surpasses the speed of light and the Gods of Travel and Speed. Your willpower is unlimited such that even if you are tortured for eternity in the flames of hell you will never break. Your soul has been made nigh-indestructible and absolutely immortal. This immortality cannot be altered or erased or otherwise affected negatively in anyway.
You no longer need to eat, drink, produce waste, sleep or perform any other bodily needs. You may however choose to perform all of them as you see fit. You also do not age and are biologically immortal. Your mind is completely immune to things that would negatively affect it such as illusions or hallucinations or telepathy or mind control. You are also immune to memetic effects and effects like no being able to withstand looking at the true/divine form of gods and demons. Any lie detecting powers or tech or any such thing will detect what you want them to detect.
All this perfectly culminates into a body suitable to kill the almighty gods and demons that rule the different parts of the world and the universe.
While having a nigh-indestructible body is well and good, there will always be someone strong enough to reduce you to a pile of ashes. So this essence grants you an absurdly, enormously powerful regeneration factor that works on a Physical, Mental and Spiritual level. If your body is completely disintegrated on a quantum level you will still regenerate and come back. Your mind becomes able to heal from any damage or trauma and you remain forever mentally healthy unaffected by things like boredom or depression etc caused by your immortality. Your soul is nigh-indestructible but there will always be some goddamn over-achiever who somehow managed to specialize in destroying souls, so your healing factor is strong enough that even if your soul is erased from existence it will still regenerate and reform.
Due to this regeneration, to truly kill you a being has to destroy you on the Physical, Mental and Spiritual level simultaneously. Only then can it be considered a true death for you. If a being only destroys your physical body but not your mind and spirit then it only counts as a physical death from which you can regenerate from. This is also similarly the case for Mental and Spiritual Deaths.
A side effect of this absurd regeneration is that you gain a type of Adaptive Evolution that also functions eerily similar to a Zenkai Boost. First of all, this Adaptive Evolution is not going to turn you into a hideous monster like Doomsday so be at ease. The way it works is that every time you take damage from anything to your mind, body or soul all three of those aspects start building up resistances against what damaged you and you also grow in power. The more you are damaged the stronger your resistance will be and the stronger the boost that you receive in power. The higher you resistances the less damage you receive from such attacks, eventually becoming completely invulnerable. If there is any attack that would kill you in a single hit(Whether it is a Physical, Mental or Spiritual death) without even granting you an opportunity to develop your resistance then instead of a resistance you'll develop a complete immunity to that level of attack and it will take much more power to one-shot you with the same type of attack again. (For example if someone hits you with a lightning blast enough to vaporize a mountain and you take a decent amount of damage then you'll build up resistances to lightning blasts of those level. The next time you get hit with the same attack it may not leave more than a few scratches on your body. If the lightning blast completely vaporizes you and causes a physical death then you'll be immune to that level of lightning blasts).
With the kind of intelligence and wisdom you have, it shouldn't be a surprise that your rate of learning and growth is absolutely absurd and beyond anything even the greatest gods are capable of and it only gets better to the point that your growth rate has a growth rate. This means that as you get stronger the speed at which you get stronger also increases. You have an absolutely ridiculous amount of talent for anything and everything in existence. Whether it is academics, acting, combat or anything you can imagine. You could learn and master any skills within a week and rapidly master them to beyond the most skilled of the gods in a few months at most such that you could surpass the most talented Goddess of Family at Cooking or the most skilled Smith God ever at creating artifacts/weapons etc that stand among the most breathtaking things ever created in existence or the most talented Incubus at seducing any being.
You are capable of copying and learning and improving any magic, magic system, skill, talent, perks, abilities, bloodlines etc even if you shouldn't be capable of it. Regardless of how innate the skill is, or how rare the bloodline is you can copy it. If you have a magic that lets you copy weapons or armors etc then as a Slayer of immortals you can even copy Divine/Conceptual weapons perfectly even if it shouldn't be possible to copy them. When you copy anything, it automatically becomes at least 5 times better than the original and in time you can make all your skills not just the copied ones up to several orders of magnitude stronger and better in every way. You can remove weakness of racial traits you copy or weakness in a magic spell, everything can be improved.
You know the perfect ways to train all your powers and improve them or remove limitations/weaknesses.
All the above abilities are just the base abilities provided by this essence. These abilities can be further enhanced by the absolutely enormously powerful Magic Core that is connected to your very existence. This core is extremely potent such that a single drop of your magic is equal to what thousands of the greatest of mortal mages generate throughout their lifetimes and an almost limitless well of magical energy such that even the almighty Odinforce pales in comparison. This energy can be used to enhance all your physical, mental and spiritual attributes, it can enhance the power and speed of your regeneration and provides energy for all your spells. This can even enhance passive skills and bloodlines and other perks beyond what their base give you.
Just like the Gods and Demons, you have an almost innate understanding of the life, death and the universe and all it's forces, natural, esoteric or otherwise. You can use your magic to create life, use all powerful runes to shape the universe or even create star forges to create any technology you can imagine, generate shields to stop supernovas, create Dyson Spheres and anything else you can imagine. You also gain an extremely powerful Clairvoyance that allows you to gaze into the past, present and future letting you see all the infinite possibilities and allowing you to choose which path to walk down on.
You wouldn't be called an Anti-Immortal if you weren't capable of living up to the title. You are capable of killing anything in existence regardless of how powerful they are or how unbeatable and invulnerable and unkillable they are and Regardless of the type of immortality (Phylactery or curse of immortality etc..). Whether they be Embodiments of concepts or all powerful gods, demons or angels you can kill them. You can rip through any immunity or invulnerability any being you face has. You can use lightning to kill a God of Thunder/Sky/Lightning for example or read minds of those immune to telepathy.
Even beings who lack the concept of death and the most bullshit forms of immortality can be killed. You can do it by applying the concept of death onto them or any other way available to you. You can also kill them without applying such concepts. You can kill those who resurrect using Time curses or loops and anything else you can imagine.
And every time you kill anything whether mortal or immortal you become stronger. Every bit of talent, potential, physical and magical power, knowledge, skill, experience,charisma, beauty, weapons, any special abilities given by their bloodlines and everything that once belonged to your defeated foe will be yours. Such is the price of going against you. And not just that - when you kill anything they die a permanent death unless you allow their resurrection by any means
Another ability provided by this essence is - the ability to revive your defeated/killed foe into a new species of Shadow Servants. The reason they are made of shadows is that all beings cast shadows since the day they are born. Our shadows are constantly with us every moment of our life, preserving memories and experiences. Our foes when revived as part of our shadow army don't possess the soul as it moves on to the after life after getting killed. The shadow possesses the ego, personality, the memories along with all their power. And all the powers and abilities the being had is much stronger than when they were alive. They will be completely loyal to us and incapable of betraying us no matter what whether willing or unwillingly.
This new species will look just as they did when your foes were alive but they are made of shadows. They are capable of procreating with all living beings and each other. They essentially function as any normal species does but they are completely loyal to us. There is no limit to how many Shadow servants you can have. And any being can be revived as your servant regardless of whether they are gods or cosmic beings or embodiments of concepts.
You have access to a separate dimension which is the 100 times the size of our solar system filled with 10 super planets which revolve around a super massive star. These planets have the best resources available in the universe. All your Shadow Servants will stay in this Shadow Dimension and eventually form a civilization better than 99.999% of the civilizations in the universe.
Although our Shadow servants may be stronger than they were in life, they can still get hurt and can be damaged and destroyed. Now however, every time they are damaged/destroyed you can either send them back to the shadow dimension to recuperate or use your own nigh-limitless magical energy to allow them to rapidly regenerate. They can continue regenerating so long as you have magical energy available and they can never be permanently destroyed so long as you live.
This essence does not give the option to become stronger through worship. Should you have that ability from somewhere else however then you can receive power from your servants as they worship you as their deity. And should you have the ability to be reborn into other worlds then you may take all your powers, your dimension and your servants along with you if you choose to.
Also if you become a deity or something similar or simply through this essence, then while you will get stronger when more and more people worship you, you won't get weaker when they stop worshiping you. Also an important thing is that you won't be influenced by the thoughts/perceptions of mortals and develop split personalities or something similar. You will only change if you want to change. You also won't be bound by divine/ancient laws or something similar and can freely interact/travel with all dimensions/realms/planets etc without being weakened or losing your powers.
If you slay gods as a god then their domains/authorities will become yours and any negative side effects of having them are nullified. If you're not a god then their domains will become like a power you can access. Nevertheless you'll have all the power and skill and knowledge need to use it.
All your powers cannot be suppressed, copied, altered, nullified or affected negatively against your will. You cannot be sealed away by any magic or seals or anything similar to it.
If you choose, you may allow somebody to seal you away and suppress your power but you will be able to escape the seal by breaking them or simply escape without even touching the seals if you don't want anyone to know you have escaped. This has the advantage of making the seals act like training wheels. The longer you have been sealed away the stronger your power becomes. Merely spending a year sealed away would double your power and it will keep doubling the longer you are sealed.
Similarly, you may choose to sacrifice your power to defeat a great enemy and no amount of resurrection or plot armor can save your enemies from a permanent death. However, unlike other protagonists you don't lose your powers permanently if you sacrifice them to take down an enemy. Instead you will regain the power that you sacrificed after 2 years and when your powers return they will be at least an order of magnitude stronger.
You have absolute control over all your powers and you know every possible trick and abilities your powers possess. You even retain your powers if you somehow possess another body by means of possession or crafting yourself a new body or any such method or even if you become a being of pure energy you can retain biological advantages even though it should not be possible. You can also decide if your previous bodies retain any benefit you had - leaving perks/abilities/bloodlines to the body or completely removing them rending the older bodies worthless.
God-slaying is all well and good but it wouldn't be very impressive if you were not good at laying with others. You don't need to worry about that now, however, as your Charisma is absolutely absurd and beyond even what the most suave and charismatic sex demons can have. You could convince even the most devoted Goddess of Marriage to leave their husbands for you over the course of a night or make a Succubus consider monogamy.
Your skills at manipulation are such that you can manipulate people incredible number of people without them being aware of what you are doing. Even the most talented Gods of Truth won't be able to tell you are doing it. You could easily start wars between entire pantheons with a few well-chosen words.
Your skills at seduction and sex are such that you passively seduce the women around you and this yields positive results almost all the time as though you were making a casual attempt at seduction using normal methods, there are no negative consequences for failure as you are not seen as doing anything abnormal. And when you are actually trying even the most prudish and man-hating virgin goddesses can be seduced without them even being aware that you are seducing them or if you want them to be aware that can also be done. Your ability to bring pleasure is such that even the most experienced goddesses and succubus can be left into a mewling ahegao'd mess. They would devote their entire lives to you after a single romp.
You have minor porn logic and all your fluids taste like the most heavenly substance in the entire multiverse and it creates a deep craving for more but it's not quite addiction unless they drink your blood. Any creature of night would be addicted to the taste of your blood should they experience is but once.
You are not bound by fate, prophecy, karma and all such similar things. Your destiny is your own and no amount of curses or prophecies can decide the course of your life.
You can adjust the power of this essence according to the world you go to if you wish.





Essence of the Infinite Multiplier Inventory
By drinking this essence you gain a video-game type inventory that bestows the following effects on you
Gain a video-game type inventory that only you and those you permit can access or interact with. This inventory has infinite slots and can be manifested as you please and can store any item regardless of its size. You can even store an entire planet in it by enlarging and pushing a slot of the inventory towards the planet.
This inventory allows you to put any stored item or being into stasis or you can even fast forward the time so that a wine that is stored can taste better or that "5 year old Heavenly Myriad Immortal Herb" from some cultivation world can rapidly grow into a "5000 year old Heavenly Myriad Immortal Herb". You can decide whether each slot is in stasis or accelerated time or just assign a different time for each individual slot.
This wouldn't be an Infinite Multiplier Inventory if it didn't do what it says it does - Any item you place in this can be multiplied an infinite number of times. Any weapon, potion, vehicle once it goes in it becomes infinite. You can put a $100 bill in it and it would multiply it while changing the numbers infinite times.
If you want to destroy anything in the inventory completely you can do it. It would be just like pressing the 'Delete' button, but you won't be able to get it back unless you had another saved in a slot.
You can use the inventory to absorb enemy attacks and multiply it ad infinitum and shoot them back at 10X greater speed than you received them. To absorb them you can manifest you slots like Gilgamesh's Gate of Babylon or anything else you wish.
There is a limitation on this ability - While it is possible to multiply living beings such as animals, even the ones that show an incredible amount of intelligence like "The 8 Kings in Toriko" or "Neo" or massive beasts, you cannot multiply Intelligent and Sapient beings like Humans.
Apart from this limitation - Go Wild!!

Essence of the Heavenly Dragon Emperor (DxD)
By drinking this red and white swirling, chaotic drink you gain power greater than Ddraig and Albion
You gain the body of a Heavenly Dragon far stronger than even the two Heavenly Dragon Emperors combined at their prime. You can customize this body's color, shape, size and any other aesthetic as you please as long as it looks like a dragon. You have a human form, a human/dragon hybrid form and a full dragon form. Your dragon form can achieve a maximum of 10km length and 4km height. You can customize all three of your forms and they will always look like a perfect 10/10 in the DxD world. Only the gods of beauty could hope to match your looks and that's just barely.
Your physical attributes are such that in your human form a casual punch from you can pulverize an entire continent while a serious punch would destroy a planet the size of earth. In your dragon form a casual punch would destroy earth and your serious blows can even shake stars and with some effort destroy them, half a dozen hits should do. Your durability is enough to tank a supernova in your face with only a few scratches. Your defense also applies to the most esoteric, abstract or conceptual attacks as well. Your intelligence can match a Matrioshka brain and wisdom has also increased to balance your intelligence. You have an absurd amount of luck to the point that the world itself bends over backwards to accommodate you such that things seem to almost always go your way. Everything you set out to accomplish can be accomplished with just your luck alone.
You possess enormous charisma enough to bend the will of the entire planets. You could convince a women to sacrifice her newborn to you within minutes or seduce a strict, married no-nonsense devil maid to sleep with you within a couple of hours.
Your mind and soul are unbreakable. No matter the method - anything that affects your mind or soul from the most mundane things like stress to the most esoteric things like Dragon-Specific/Holy Grail type mind and soul control is incapable of effecting you. Your mind and soul are your own. You could make a contract with the Omnipotent Devil selling your soul and he wouldn't be able to take it from you no matter what. Even a succubus wouldn't be able to take your soul.
Your mind, body and soul are completely immortal. You have absurd regeneration to the point that you can regenerate from being conceptually erased from existence. No matter the method used to destroy you, you will return to life. And every time you are killed you become immune to what killed you and you will slowly develop resistance and immunity towards attacks that harm you.
You are completely immune to all forms of poison and Dragon slaying abilities/weapons etc. You also lack the innate racial weaknesses that affect Dragons. You also cannot be sealed. Any attempt to seal you would result in the seal failing to take effect.
You possess enormous amounts of Magic power far surpassing even the most powerful of the gods and dragons. The only ones who could hope to match you in raw power and potency are the Dragon Gods and Trihexa and even that is just barely. You have the knowledge of all of the magic systems in the DxD world and you have absurd talent in magic such that you can master one magic system within a month and surpass the Gods of the respective pantheon in their own magic within 3 months. Your raw magic power doubles every year when you do nothing and the time is shortened drastically if you train hard.
Your growth rate is such that you can go from a baby dragon to matching the God of Destruction Shiva within a year of training and from then on your growth rate keeps increasing continuously to absurd levels.
You have all the abilities possessed by Ddraig and Albion and they are easily at least an order of magnitude more efficient and powerful than the original abilities. All abilities such as Boost, Divide/Absorb, Penetrate, Blazing Inferno of the Scorching flames of Ddraig and the 'Reduce' ability of Albion are far stronger than the originals. You can now Boost and Divide abstract things like Space, Distance and even time.Your flames can destroy souls of cosmic entities and even beings who should be completely immune to your abilities are now affected. You have full control over your powers and know every trick and every nuance of all your abilities and can master them rapidly and make them orders of magnitude stronger with sufficient training.
You possess the Dragon Allure - A quality that all dragons possess that attracts strong allies and strong enemies to you. This is the same for you, however as a Heavenly Dragon this ability is absurdly powerful in comparison. While you attract strong enemies, it will never reach a point where you face an opponent you can never defeat your opponent. You attract strong allies to the point that you can earn the respect of people who wouldn't easily respect you. This works especially well on attracting strong and beautiful women and grants you great instincts to help you seduce them. Your scent is intoxicating to all women and the more powerful and magically sensitive they are the more your musk attracts them to you. This scent also amplifies any pleasure they fell cause by you.
A side effect of this is that all your fluids taste like the most heavenly delicious substance in existence. Drinking enough of your fluid can be slightly addictive but never enough to create withdrawal symptoms or any negative consequences(Works especially well on vampires).
The Two Heavenly Dragons rule over the principles of Domination and Supremacy and now so do you. They don't seem to have a tangible effect in Canon. But thanks to this essence you get a tangible from those principles.
From Supremacy - Every time you defeat or kill an enemy you gain a copy of all of their knowledge, skills, abilities, bloodlines, talents etc. This copies all the advantages and removes all drawbacks all these may have. This allows you to rapidly grow in personal strength and become a perfect being.
From Domination - You are a master of seduction and manipulation. Your skills at seduction and sex are such that you passively seduce the women around you and this yields positive results almost all the time as though you were making a casual attempt at seduction using normal methods, there are no negative consequences for failure as you are not seen as doing anything abnormal. And when you are actually trying even the most prudish and man-hating virgin goddesses can be seduced without them even being aware that you are seducing them or if you want them to be aware that can also be done. Your ability to bring pleasure is such that even the most experienced goddesses and succubus can be left into a mewling ahegao'd mess. They would devote their entire lives to you after a single round. You could easily make any women fall in love with you whether they be mortal, devils or goddesses.
Apart from these anything that you can think of that falls under Domination and Supremacy is superbly effective. Such as dominating the minds of enemies or training to become the strongest.
You are immune to fate, prophecy etc and they will unravel around you as you please.
A final ability this essence grants is that similar to Boost and Divide you may create two techniques that are just as powerful as them (Example: Multiply etc). Along side this you may also select two additional principle to rule over. These principles can be anything such as Time, Space, Life, Death,Destruction and your control over them is such that you can stop Dragon Gods with Time Stop and even though their power should allow them to move they won't be able to. Resurrect entire countries filled dead not as zombies but as living breathing people and even Gods of Death won't be able to stop you. Attack Shiva with Orbs of destruction.
Lastly, you may be granted a title of your own such as " Heavenly Dragon Emperor of Time/Space" etc depending on your principles.

Essence of the Demon King (Nanatsu no Taizai)
By drinking the essence filled with liquid darkness you gain the power surpassing the Demon Kings
You possess the physical attributes to shatter an entire country in your base form and are beyond a planetary threat in your full power Demon King form. Your intelligence and Wisdom have been enhanced to be equal to that of the smartest beings in existence. Your mind and soul have turned into a bulwark of the highest order making it impossible to affect your mind and soul negatively in any manner no matter what. And you are now immortal and ageless and unlike normal demons do not die after 3000 years.
You possess incredible regeneration allowing you to regenerate from a single sub-atom within seconds. You can be killed but it's incredibly difficult. This regeneration cannot be stopped or slowed by any anti-healing/regeneration type attacks or even conceptual ones. The healing you possess is far superior to the one possessed by demons.
This regeneration allows your body to rapidly grow and evolve when faced with extreme conditions. This is similar to what happened to the Undead King - Ban when he was in purgatory but even better as you don't need thousands of years to adapt. Merely within a few months with harsh training and conditions you can start approaching what Ban accomplished and surpass him in a few years.
You hold terrifyingly massive amounts of physical and magic power holding power that is equal to what the Demon King and Meliodas in his Demon King form would have combined. If you wish so, however, you can merely grant yourself the potential to reach this level with quite a bit of training. Your magic power is compatible with every form of magic in existence. You can learn any magic or Ki or Chakra or similar such abilities even if you don't have the circuits or nerves or bloodlines or cores or gender etc.
You have a terrifying growth rate. What would take even someone considered a genius a decade to learn you can learn within days and anything that takes less than a decade you can learn within moments. You can learn anything whether it is magic of humans or even the Ark of the Goddess clan.
You are a master of combat both armed and unarmed and only Meliodas and Zeldris surpass you in strength and skill for now. With sufficient training you can make even the greatest warriors look like untrained peasants swinging swords around.
Any abilities you have whether it is a spell, mutant power, your pool of magic, Divine Authority/Domains or merely just an ordinary skill will rapidly grow stronger eliminating weaknesses and limitations and adding new benefits surpassing what they previously were extremely quickly and eventually matching God-like being. This will even work on your essences and even similar abilities that help other abilities grow.
You know every single bit of magic and secret techniques ever created by the Demon Clan and Humans. All the magic shown by Chandler or abilities shown to be developed in the Demon Clan such as Admonition, Perfect cube or Full Counter etc. You can also use the curses of the Demon King and techniques shown by Meliodas and Zeldris.
You possess powerful Nature Manipulation abilities such as the ability to cover an entire country in a Storm or create Hurricanes the size of cities or create massive forests, manipulating the elements as you please, fogs, acids etc. You possess immunity to brainwashing effects and other negative mental status effects and can grant these effects to others.
All your powers cannot be suppressed, copied, altered, nullified or affected negatively against your will. You cannot be sealed away by any magic or seals or anything similar to it.
If you choose, you may allow somebody to seal you away and suppress your power but you will be able to escape the seal by breaking them or simply escape without even touching the seals if you don't want anyone to know you have escaped. This has the advantage of making the seals act like training wheels. The longer you have been sealed away the stronger your power becomes. Merely spending a year sealed away would double your power and it will keep doubling the longer you are sealed.
Similarly, you may choose to sacrifice your power to defeat a great enemy and no amount of resurrection or plot armor can save your enemies from a permanent death. However, unlike other protagonists you don't lose your powers permanently if you sacrifice them to take down an enemy. Instead you will regain the power that you sacrificed after 2 years and when your powers return they will be at least an order of magnitude stronger. This even works if you sacrifice your power to save a loved one or bring someone back to life etc.
All your abilities can be massively strengthened temporarily by sacrificing your life force based on how much you're enhanced. Any abilities that need you to sacrifice your life force or life or something similar - but not your power as mentioned above - don't kill you or cripple you instead they'll severely weaken you and you will regain your life force after a month at the least.
You possess all the personal powers of all people who ever became the Demon King. You possess The Ruler, Meliodas' Demon King Form, Ominous Nebula, God and Crisis. You also possess the opportunity to create a personal ability that is as strong as Meliodas has.
A final ability you possess is - You can initially grant 10 fragments of your power to ten individuals. These fragments can be granted abilities like the Commandments. What these abilities are is up to you. This will weaken you based on the amount of power that you grant and you will regain the given power at a rate of two commandments per month, meaning that to regain power spent on 10 commandments requires 5 months. You can instantly recall any fragments regardless of distance or any other circumstances. If your power is at full strength after 5 months and a fragment is recalled then your power will be boosted further permanently. The number of fragments you can grant increase by 10 each year.
You can even make existing commandments stronger by giving even more of your power to your servants. There is no limit to how much power you can grant to your commandments.
The commandments imprint all the experiences, knowledge, power, magic, physical attributes, talent, intelligence, skill and all other abilities into them and once they return to you, you will gain all those things from the users and become stronger. These commandments can be used to grant abilities you don't have to others and have them cultivate it and then once they die you reap the benefits.
Your fragments will grant the users all the abilities a high level demon possesses such as strength, magic, speed, regeneration etc. These fragments and the power they grant never work against you no matter what. However, this does ensure the loyalty of the user to you. The death of any commandment user will instantly return the power of the fragment to you.
You may decide how much life span the commandments grant to the users. It can be anywhere from 50 years to 3000 years or even as long as you live.
You gain access to a dimension similar to purgatory with similar conditions where you can train and can always find opponents regardless of how strong you become. If you die in the dimension then you are teleported out and the dimension is locked away for 10 days after which you can try again.
You gain a one time opportunity to be reborn in Nanatsu no Taizai verse as the child of the Demon King and younger brother of Meliodas.

Essences of Empowering Charges
By drinking this sparkling soda like essences you gain the following benefits.
This essence grants you 5 charges per day which can be used to amplify every possible thing you possess. Your strength, Intelligence, Wisdom, Charisma, your powers, weapons, skills, perks and everything you possess that you can imagine.
Each charge's enhancements can be considered to essentially double your abilities per charge(A two point bump in PRT rating of that power per charge). So a normal human can invest a few charges into physical attributes and become as strong as or perhaps even stronger than Spider-Man easily. You can enhance charisma, looks, voice, luck, wisdom and anything you can imagine. You can make your weapons sharper, durable/indestructible.
If you wish, you can have all your attributes, traits, skills, perks etc be shown to you like a Stats/Skill Tree in RPGs or like a Status/Skills page in The Gamer Webtoon. It can help to decide accurately what you want to improve.
The only limitation of this power is that you can't grant yourself powers. You can only enhance what you possess.
A secondary power you have is that you are completely immune to any power that can sense and manipulate your emotions or thoughts such as Empathy or Telepathy etc. Even technology cannot detect it regardless of how sophisticated and unbeatable it is. You are always in full control of your thoughts and emotions. You can lie to lie detectors and make people sense what you want them to sense from you. This power will protect you from those who would use you for their ends.
If you choose, you can use these charges on others to enhance their abilities and growth.
Anything you enhance can be undone but you will not get the charges back. You can even undo enhancements done on others regardless of distance. You can also spend charges to reduce or eliminate weaknesses and disadvantages.
You gain an additional 5 charges per year. This increases the total number of charges you get per day every year. This means that In the 1st year you have 5 charges per day, in the 2nd year 10 Charges/day, in the 3rd 15 per day and so on.
Any unused Charges are stored and cannot be lost.

Essence of the Dragon King (Fairy Tail)
By drinking this multi-colored essence you gain the following abilities
You gain a peak human body surpassing the strongest wizards on Earth Land. All attributes such as strength, speed, intelligence etc are at the absolute peak of Mankind. These physical attributes will rapidly increase as you practice your dragon slayer magic.
You gain a one time opportunity to re-sculpt your body as you wish so long as it looks human. As barely anyone on Earthland is ugly, your looks become a perfect 10/10 and will only get better as you become stronger.
Your charisma is such that you can inspire entire nations from the brink of despair to fight on until the end and your will is unbreakable and boundless. Even if you were stuck in a loop where you died over and over with each death being worse than the previous one you still wouldn't break. You are immune to memetic effects and similar things such as looking at the True Form of a god and going insane or disintegrating. Your mind is immune to illusions, Hallucinations etc and cannot be negatively affected by anyone not even gods. You are also immune to Curses.
You possess three magic containers - Magic container, Second origin and Third Origin. You will unlock all three by the time you turn 17 and each year your total magic power will double and your control over your power will always be perfect. Your magic power is compatible with all other possible magic systems and you can use any type of magic regardless of whether you possess the characteristics like circuits etc and can even teach that magic to others.
You begin with an enormous amount of magic enough to spam high level magic the entire day before you even get below half your raw power. Your very presence makes even the strongest Spriggan-class mages like August wary. You also do not need Ethernano in the air to use magic as your magic comes from yourself. Your magic refills at an incredible rate and can go from empty to full in an hour and this rate improves further with training. The more you exhaust your magic the faster it grows.
You are an incredible prodigy at magic surpassing Zeref himself. You can master even the most difficult magic within days when others would take more than a decade to master. You can at a glance copy others magic and use it at a proficient level and with some practice surpass even the greatest users of that magic.
The rate at which you grow and gain strength is such that even the greatest savants at magic would look lame in comparison. You'll be capable of defeating people who have decades of experience with only a few months of training.
You possess a powerful regeneration such that fatal wounds disappear in a minute and lost limbs regenerate in a few hours. So long as you're not insta-killed you will survive and thrive.
You gain the ability to use Dragon Slayer magic from Fairy Tail Verse. You may choose any one or more elements such as fire, water, sky, wood, sun or even magic itself. You can learn all of them if you choose to. Your initial ability will be as proficient as Natsu was during the Grand Magic Games. You can eat dragons to significantly enhance your raw power both physically and magically and gain all their knowledge about magic.
You can use all the spells and abilities a dragon slayer has access to such as Dragon Force and ability to eat elements other than your own and unlock new forms.
A side effect of Dragon Slayer magic is the creation of a Dragon Seed in the body which slowly transforms them into a dragon permanently. They lose the ability to sleep and taste and can get increasingly unstable due to the magic. Now you no longer face any of the side effects and while you still turn into a Dragon, you gain the ability to switch between human, human-dragon hybrid and a dragon form respectively. You also do not suffer from any motion sickness or such that other dragon slayers suffer through.
Your dragon form possess enormous amount of power compared to your human form. Once you become a dragon your already enormous magic power is increased to absurd levels and it's potency is such that spells cost significantly less magic to use making the cost almost irrelevant. You possess the physical attributes to pulverize an entire country in your human form and can shatter a planet in your Dragon form. Your spells and blasts are such that you can vaporize entire planets. You have perfect control over how much damage your spells cause. As a dragon you are immortal.
You are almost immune to magic and even dragon slayer magic/weapons/poisons can barely hurt you. You can survive blasts strong enough to destroy the surface of a planet without many scratches and burns and your can move at relativistic speeds as a human and approach light speed as a dragon. You also immune to any form Dragon Supremacy Magic or something to control dragons or their minds. You are also completely immune to your element and even God Slayer version of your element can barely affect you.
You are also a Master Enchanter capable of enchanting the very air, sky and space itself. You can even pull asteroids from outer space. And your dragon form increases the power of all your spells enormously.
You gain access to a dimension similar to Space Between Time filled with magic of Space and Time that you consume regardless of your element. This will grant you enormous power that make the God-Dragons look weak however there is high chance of separating body and soul and getting stuck in that dimension.
This essence however also grants access to Fairy Heart - which is a source of limitless magic - in the form of a human-heart shaped crystal, the size of a human hidden somewhere in Earthland. This essence provides no hint for where it is hidden. It can only be found and used by someone who has drunk this essence.
If you find it then you can sacrifice the Fairy Heart in the Space Between Time and gain perfect control over your new found power as well as the dimension and gain the ability to control both Space and Time on the level of Gods. You can teleport, reverse/forward/stop time, bend space, cut through space, open portal to different universes and time lines etc. This ability to control space and time is absolute and the only way someone can resist these abilities is if they are at least more than 100X stronger than you.
What you can accomplish with Space and Time is only limited to your creativity, imagination and experience. Drawing in alternate versions of people to fight for you, copying powers from fictional characters and alternate selves or fixing a destroyed neighborhood/forest by overlapping a pristine version of it. Anything you can imagine is can be done.
All your powers cannot be suppressed, copied, altered, nullified or affected negatively against your will. You cannot be sealed away by any magic or seals or anything similar to it.
A final ability this essence grants is the Power of Friendship. You can pour you will and positive emotions into your magic making it massively stronger to the point that enemies who are a dozen times stronger than you can be beaten even if it should not be possible. The stronger your emotions the greater the power boost.

Essence of the Tree of Knowledge
By drinking this essence made from the fruit of the Tree of knowledge you gain the following benefits
You gain nigh-omniscience that allows you to know almost everything in the past, present and the future. The way this works is that you already have the knowledge but when you focus on a specific topic it comes to the forefront of your mind.
This also manifests as a clairvoyance that allows you to observe events that will happen at a different place as though you were present yourself. Whether it is observing a time-traveler going to the past and his actions or the end of the universe itself. You can witness it.
This ability is completely undetectable. Nobody can know you're watching them unless you allow them to know.
This essence will function regardless of what universe you are in. If you go to the Nasuverse - you will gain almost all knowledge of the root which includes how to achieve any of the True magics in a year at most or if you're in the Darksiders verse - you could know the secrets of the demons or creating entire planets and life itself in all it's forms.
Regardless of what shape the knowledge exists in you know it whether it is science, magic or the deepest secrets of the universe.
A side effect of this essence has granted you incredible intelligence and wisdom on par with the smartest and wisest individuals in the omniverse. Your mind and soul have turned into a bulwark of the highest order making it impossible to affect your mind negatively in any manner no matter what. This also means that any abilities you possess, whether biological or mental or spiritual, that can effect another persons mind and soul such as telepathy, incubus aura, pheromones, mind control, Supernatural charisma etc are completely undetectable and unbreakable even by Omnipotent and Omniscient beings.
You gain a pocket dimension containing a tree that bears a fruit once a week. Eating that fruit will give you the entirety of the knowledge regarding a single category and traveling to different universes updates this knowledge. What category the fruit grants is dependent upon your base knowledge and what you need most. These categories can range from Engineering to Magic to Cooking to Washing or Swimming or Smithing or Alchemy etc. If you get the Magic category then all knowledge of magic will be yours regardless of whether it is demonic, divine, conceptual or simple mortal magic.
A final ability is the ability to always get the best possible outcome for yourself. This essentially serves as a Path to Victory that you can turn on and off at will. You can always succeed regardless of the odds so long as you make full use of the knowledge you possess and take advantage of whatever opportunities you need to succeed.

Essence of Favored Probability
Drinking this weird essence that shifts to whatever color you're thinking about gives you the following power
This essence grants one and only one Absolute ability. That is the ability to check and control any outcome related to chance or probability.
This means that so long as anything has a non-zero chance of happening you can turn it into a 100% chance. No matter if it is rolling dice for CYOA/Jump or accepting random rewards after accomplishing something in real life or CYOA or even something as mundane as answering a choose the correct answer question in high school.
If you wish you can even force things that have a 100% chance of not happening to happen but this can only be done 4 times a month. With time however this limit will grow and eventually be eliminated.
This can be gamed to quite a high extent such as making a spear always strike the heart after breaking through an indestructible shield, stop that very same spear from striking you at all, if you're standing at cross-roads and need to decide which path to chose to stay alive then you can choose a path and check the probability and if it is the wrong path then you'll be able to sense it and then choose the right path, you can game the stock market by checking which stocks will give you maximum profit.
You can even automate some commands that allow you to protect yourself or execute things when involved in a situation that you can't keep up with. For example, if you're shot/injured then you can automatically execute "0% probability of dying" subroutine etc.
If you wish, you can have a sort of in-built Gamer type observe ability that you can toggle which displays all sorts of probabilities/chances to help you make decisions.

MrMalinco
Essence of the Omni-Mage
You gain the ability to wield Omni-Magic, which is basically reality warping fueled by mana.
You gain a manapool large enough to fling around low-level spells for about half an hour if you don't already possess a larger one. This is merely an example to grasp the magnitude of power at which you start.

You can alter existence however you see fit. Be it copying classic magic, like a fireball (You don't actually cast the spell "fireball", you use your power to bring fire into existence), shooting lasers or even changing the rules of your current world, provided you possess enough mana to fuel these wishes, nothing's out of your range. Generally speaking, the bigger or harder to achieve the result would be, the more mana you have to use. Some things like Shapeshifting are surprisingly easy to do while traveling through space is pretty complicated seeing how you just plop a few meter away.

You can enter overdrive. This state will keep your mana at maximum and give you a +100% bonus boost to your mana capacity as long as it's active. However, it comes at a hefty price; Your maximum mana capacity is degrading continuously. The degradation will not affect your bonus capacity, only your initial one.	You will always regain your mana capacity when you burn yourself out. It will just take a long time.

Through a long time of hardships, training and clever use of your abilities you may unlock "Almighty Magic", the highest, the omnipotent form of magic.

Essence of Purgatory
By drinking this Essence you'll gain access to your own Training-Pocket-DimensionTM; Purgatory.
Purgatory is designed to make you stronger by providing you with strong adversaries regardless of how mighty you become.
By default, it is a bleak, rocky surface with cliffs and mountains. You, however, can change its design to your liking.
Be it jungle, desert, a large city or flying island range. Your creativity and Purgatory's size are your limits.
This also extends to the enemies you'll be facing. You can design them in detail or think of a general template like human, wolf, destroyer of worlds, etc.
The dimension grows larger when you reach certain thresholds. If you grow strong enough to affect whole continents it becomes a planet, if you can affect a planet it becomes a solar system and so forth.
The strength of time dilation is yours to decide upon every entry.
To access it you can either teleport to it directly or open a portal if you want to take someone with you. People you take with you will also benefit from Purgatory's special perks.
Bringing other people with you to train activates dynamic difficulty so everyone involved can enjoy a nice challenge.
If you defeat an enemy in Purgatory a part of its strength becomes your own. If this enables you to gain new abilities is up to you.
You can decide to enter a specific training mode to focus on a single aspect of you like your speed or magic. Alternatively, you can train a specific weapon or skillset. Purgatory will provide you with enemies that fit the thing you're training.
Should you want to train with equipment you don't possess, you can let it be spawned somewhere near you at entering. Spawned equipment cannot be taken outside however.
If you don't possess the basics of what you're trying to train, you will automatically be equipped with it. Only the theoretical knowledge though.
Once you've acquired a firm grasp on the basics, further technical growth will come naturally to you.
You can somewhat change the difficulty. Although there will always be a challenge, you can crank it up to eleven for a hellish experience should you desire.
By default, you will not require sustenance nor age while inside.
Should you die, which is not unlikely, you will respawn at a safer point. All your destroyed equipment will be repaired upon respawning.
Purgatory is a place to grow and become stronger and not your summer house. Should you relax in one place for too long, waves of enemies with increasing strength will come for you.
Access to your Purgatory is yours and yours alone and cannot be prevented, taken away, copied, etc.

Adudefromthesea

Essence of the True Fae.
By drinking from a liquid of eldritch taste you gain the form, powers, and authority of a True Fae.
Your body becomes a flawless work of art, reaching the apex of beauty and going beyond that, to the point of appearing uncanny to some species. Nevertheless, you inspire lust and desire wherever you go, and may even cause true love by appearance alone.
Your form is now bound to your emotions, making it capable of changing to match what you're feeling at the time if you wish so. This ability may go out of control if the emotions are too intense; making you look more bestial in bust of fury, or more beautiful in fits of laughter, etc.… there is no limit to what form you can take, as long as you can keep your emotions in check.
You have the ability to make ‘servants' from the elements that compose the reality you are currently in, be it inanimate objects like stones and wood or complex creatures like animals, plants, and sapient species, even higher beings like Gods and Devils can be made servants if you are cunning enough. You do not need consent to make something into your servant, but you will struggle against beings more powerful than yourself. These servants are also known as lesser fae, fae, or changelings.
Your servants will receive a burst of power that will always leave them more powerful than they were before, and will develop one or a set of abilities to match the change; these new abilities can be related to the skills and powers they already have.
The energy released from the formation of the new Master and Servant bond will also deform the servant's body and change their forms, these changes can be gradual or instantaneous, painful or free of pain, subtle or extremely noticeable, but no matter what, there will always be a change. You have full control over your servants' change, allowing you to reshape them into what you wish them to look like, or leave it completely random.
Your and your servants can make ‘contracts' with willing species you meet, these contracts are binding for both parties and must be fulfilled. You will gain power that will follow you wherever you go for each contract you form and each you fulfill. Your servant's contracts will also empower you but not as much as one made by yourself. You cannot form contracts with your servants, for you already own them and everything they have, but they can make contracts with each other.
You gain the ability to travel to Arcadia, the land of True Fae. You can travel there at any time, from anywhere.
You gain a piece of Arcadia to rule over, making it your Domain. This land is forever bound to your very being, you can never die if even an inch of this land remains, the extension and richness of it dictate your powers outside it. However, if this land is completely destroyed, you will be severely weakened until you can claim another, and if it's conquered, you will become a slave to the conqueror.
You are virtually omnipotent inside your Domain, gaining absolute control over everyone and everything in it. Even Ultimate Gods will bow down to you inside your Domain. The only thing that is able to resist your influence inside your Domain is another True Fae.
From your Domain, you are able to travel to other worlds and universes, but your power is limited whenever you leave your Domain, the severity of this limitation depends on several factors: the size of your Domain, the quantity and quality of your servants, the number of contracts you and your servants have, and the richness of the magic of the world in question. A world rich in magic, one that has an active magical system, for example, will give you fewer limits than a world with no magic at all, but no matter what, you will always be fairly powerful.
You can now participate in the Game of Fae, an elaborate game of cunning that rages in Arcadia since times immemorial. In this game you and other True Fae bet part of your Fiefdoms or prized servants on the result of several challenges or competitions your servants must undertake, raging from an all-out war, a simple game of cards, or a complex tangle of tasks that can stretch for centuries, the only limit to the challenges is the whims of the betting Fae.

Essence of the Ultimate Chad.
By drinking a fluid of explosively awesome taste you turned into the Ultimate Chad.
You gain a new body that sits at the peak of your species in capability, you may chose to look similar to your old self or look like someone completely different, in either choice your features will be enhanced to peak handsomess. Essentially making you into a walking wet dream.
You became supernaturally good at sex; able to almost instinctively know what you partner want and need to make them feel good, even when it shouldn’t be possible. This ability is so effective that you are able to turn even experienced primordial goddess of sex into babbling ahegao puddles.
You gain infinite stamina when having sex, and your refractory periods are under your complete control.
Your cum is extremely tasty, highly nutritive, and slightly addicting. Someone can easily live of a diet completely composed of your cum if they want/need, though they will become a junkie for it.
You can only impregnate someone if you want to, and when you do the pregnancy is one hundred percent guaranteed even if it shouldn’t been possible.
Each of your sons will be Chads themselves though of less potency than you, and each of your daughters will be extraordinarily beautiful Stacies that are destined to fall in love and lust to you.
You have a passive ability to always say and do the right things to get into a woman’s good grace, but only when you are not paying attention to it. When you are, and are actively trying to get into a woman’s pants, this ability becomes active and you will supernaturally know what to say and do to achieve this goal. Be warned though, some women need more work than others, but you can woo anything with enough effort.
Women in relationships are much more vulnerable to your charms than a woman who isn’t. For example; it may take mouths of hard work to bone a lesbian feminazi that hates man with undying passion, but if this feminazi is in a happy lesbian relationship, it will only take a few weeks instead. Married women are particularly vulnerable to you, needing only a few days or hours of work.
A woman that you successfully managed to have sex with becomes a ‘conquest’, and you may figuratively or literally mark her. Each of your conquests are moderated loyal to you on the moment of the first lay, is up to you how you foster this loyalty or let it die.
You may influence the feelings a conquest have for you, from friendly attraction to undying, madding love. Though the process isn’t instantaneous.
For every woman you ‘conquer’, you gain one or several boons related to the powers and abilities the woman has. Normally, it’s a copy of their power or ability, but it can be something similar or related to it. For example; you bang a common housewife, you learn how to cook, you bang a witch, you gain the capability to use her kind of magic and learn several of her spells, you bang an kunoichi, you learn how to ninja, gain the ability to use chakra, learn several of her jutsus and maybe gain a copy of her bloodline ability.
Each ability and power you gain have unlimited potential to grown and evolve even when they shouldn’t. You can also unlock the hidden potential of the powers and abilities of your conquests during sex if you choose.
You can now use sex to replace training; an hour of sex is the same as an hour of hard and fulfilling training, complete with insights and experience of how to use your powers and abilities better. This benefit is increased the more partners you fuck at the same time. This ability can be shared with the partner/s that you are having sex at the time with if you want.
You learn how to do a complex tantric ritual that lets you travel to other worlds, however, the aim of this ritual is very faulty and you may end up in a world you didn’t intend to go. There is also a ‘cool down’ period for the ritual to be used again; this can range from a few days to a full month depending on the world.
You learn how to do a simple ritual to travel back to the worlds you’ve been before, these can be done in a few minutes and don’t need a ‘cooldown’, however, each time you are in a completely new world, it will need time to tune your metaphysical presence to your relative position in the multiverse, reentering it useless for a period of time that can range from a few days to a full month depending on the world.
Fate itself conspire to make your life ‘interesting’ and throw hot women at your way, this can be a blessing or a curse.

Essence of the Magical Girl Mascot.
By drinking from an overly sugary potion you gain the power of a Magical Girl Mascot!
You body changes to that of a Magical Girl Mascot, or Puchuu if you want to be technical. You are now small and cute and look like a plushy toy or a pokemon. The details are up to you but you have to follow this theme.
Your new body is highly resistant to all forms of damage, and have a healing factor that will bounce you back to full health after a few hours of resting if you ever need it.
You have an unmatched magical potential and the reserve of magical energy big enough to back up this fact. However, you will only know a limited repertoire of exclusive defensive and support spells at first, you may create more later.
You can create magical girls from the young members of a sapient species that you encounter, provided they have the potential to become one, a characteristic that is more often found in young females.
You can detect individuals with the potential to become magical girls if they are in close proximity to you, and you can detect individuals across a large area if you meditate with this purpose on mind.
A magical girl is created through a bonding process that give you absolute ownership of the girl’s entire being (you may choice to share this fact or not), the bonding process can take any form you want, and you may choice to give something to the girl in exchange, like a wish. Be warmed that the bond does not give you power to fulfill the wish, you must use it your own power to do so.
You may chose which ‘system’ a magical girl’s grown will be following. This is tied to the girl power and magic, and it will dictate how she will grow in these aspects. They can be like a level up system, or an achievement based system, or a visible skill tree, or many others. You may chose which one in the moment of the bonding or leave it on automatic and let fate decide, whatever you chose you can’t change it afterward.
The potential of a magical girl will dictate how strong she will be in her first transformation, you can artificially enhance this initial strength at the cost of some of her potential, meaning you can get a strong magical girl right out the gate at the cost of lessening her ability to become stronger. You may also do the opposite, and cripple a magical girl’s initial power in exchange for an increase in her potential. At the most extreme example of this you can create a country destroying girl who can’t become stronger no matter what she does, or a utterly useless girl with the potential to achieve godlike levels if she works hard enough.
You can control the relationship between a girl’s untransformed state, and her transformed one. The standard relationship is that the untransformed state is the same as it was before the bonding, while the transformed one looks the same but carries all the new strength and magical power. You may chose to change that at any way you wish.
You may chose to add lewd aspects to your magical girls, going from the entire process having being deeply lewd, like magical girls from a hentai setting, to having only minors or singular aspects being lewd.
Each magical girl you create belongs to you on a fundamental level, this bond can not be broken. At the passive level it will make the girl loyal to you, and you can easily turn this loyalty into friendship and with a bit more effort even true love. At the active level you can easily use your magic on or through your girls no matter what defense they puts, you can give orders they can’t refuse, put they mind into a highly suggestive form trance to mold and shape their memories and personality at your will, and many many more.
Each girl you create increase your personal power at some level, this may come in the form of completely new abilities manifested on a whim, or new magical insights related to your girl’s personal magic.
You have a ‘sixth sense’ that is attuned to the larger multiverse; this sense will tell you where you and your girls are needed the most. Once you located the world you may travel to it.

Essence of the Magical Girl Nemesis.
By drinking for a vial of an ink-black bubbly liquid you’ve become a Magical Girl Nemesis.
You can chose to stay on the world you are, living your own life, or chose to assume a different life and set of memories in a different universe, where people are generally more attractive, extravagant hair-color are naturally possible, and anime tropes are part of the rules of reality; basically a world perfect for a magical girl tv show. You can control the details of this new life, under the condition that it has to be fairly average.
You have a one time free cosmetic change, allowing you to change your appearance, gender, and age. These changes will follow a logical sense: if you give yourself a perfect musculature, you will become as strong and agile as an athlete, if you give yourself a huge pair of boobs you will suffer from chronic back pain etc…
You are intrinsically connected to a brand new dimension of energy that you can access while sleeping or meditating. This dimension doesn’t have many characteristics at first, but it does have a very unique feel to it and it appears rather ominous to the outside viewer, depending on your choices this ominous, corruptive feeling will become the main characteristic of your dimension.
This dimension is entirely composed of a unique type of energy, which you can freely name. At first, it doesn’t have a form or shape, but by your will alone it can acquire those things, becoming a vast extra-dimensional kingdom of your own design, complete with any retroactive history you decide.
Inside this dimension, creatures named Denizens will form, either naturally or by your design, and they will fill any role you set for them and will adapt to any retroactive backstory you grant them.
All Denizens are naturally loyal and subservient to you, with their personal opinion varied, but always loyal in their own way.
The shapes of your denizens are highly adaptable, as are their powers. Each of them have a ‘power system’ within themselves, which can take many forms. It can be a magical system, or an evolutive mutations, or technological knowledge, or psionic potential, or eve combinations of those. All that matters are that your Denizens have unique powers that can evolve and they can acquire new ones with time and experience.
You can directly influence their power system, and you have an instinctual understanding about the balance that must exist between immediate strength of a Denizen and potential strength of it. You can also sacrifice one thing for another, making a titanic strong denizen who lost the ability of become stronger, or a weak denizen who have potential to become god-like. You can also leave a denizen with a shapeless power system that will naturally reform into something else.
Your presence in the world will slowly allow your dimension to inject its unique energy in it, slowly eroding the boundaries between the worlds; this a process that will take some time to finish.
As the boundaries of the dimension grows thinner, the denizens of your dimension will start to slide in or actively invade the world you are in. Their actions are fully depended on their nature, desires and personality, but it’s almost guarantee that they’ll cause some kind of incident. You do not know when or where you denizen will appear, nor do you have direct control of them when the are loose upon the world, useless they are in your direct presence, as they can’t or have any desire to disobey your orders.
The otherworldly energy can also infect the population of the world, slowly or quickly corrupting them and turning them into new Denizens. This effect can also be achieved by the actions of the invading Denizens themselves if they have the means to corrupt someone.
The otherworldly energy will cling around any denizens present in the world, slightly distorting reality around them. Normally, the denizen don’t have the power to influence this, and the distortion will come in the form of a cloak of invisibility that affects the denizen and the wider effect of their actions. You can change that according to your will; making so the denizens are able to influence the cloak, making so the cloak take the form of a localized pocket dimension related to the denizen powers, or even dismissing the cloak all together, making your denizen and their actions visible to all.
You have the power to create a special type of denizen named General, a General is a denizen with great power and potential who can naturally command other denizens, they are natural rulers and monarchs, always having positions of great power and influence within your dimension. As with the denizens, their forms, personalities, powers and potential are up to you to shape.
Generals, unlike your denizen, have a ‘final form’. This power temporarily changes the general’s shape to a different one, usually making them look more demonic but it can be anything, and greatly increases all of the General’s attributes while spontaneously granting them new powers and abilities. This power can only be used in times of great need, great emotional turmoil, or with direct order from you. Only an experienced General who trained specifically for it may use that form at will.
This final form will change and evolved in accordance to the general’s power, the stronger they get the stronger their final form are. The mental state of the General also plays a big factor to the power and shape of their final form, with changes in mentality, either by a traumatic event, self discovery, or even falling in love, greatly increasing or decreasing the power of their final forms.
Your Generals can only enter the world properly when the boundary between worlds are close to the breaking point, so they have to find other means to affect the world indirectly. There are two common methods that every General can use; one is the ‘Avatar Method’ in it the General creates a proxy body identical to their normal one inside the invaded dimension, with it they can freely interact and play around in the new dimension, though their powers are stay very limited in that state. The other is the ‘Possession Method’ where the General possess and Denizen or a local individual inside the invaded dimension and acts through them, the relationship between the General and the one they are possessing is unique to them, and the power a General can push through depends on the resilience of the host they chose. There are other methods available, but they highly dependable on the kind of unique power a General have.
The more Denizens appear, and the more the Generals act upon the world, the greater the pouring of energy from your personal dimension to the world becomes. And the more energy of your personal dimension is within the world, the stronger and more powerful you get. You can influence your own power like you would a denizen, creating one or multiple power system for yourself, with infinite potential for grown. The thinner the boundaries between worlds gets, the more flexible you can make them.
Once the boundary between worlds breaks, you personal dimension will fuse with the one you currently are, and you will become a utterly omnipotent god while inside it.
You dimension needs sustenance to exist however, and it gains sustenance by consuming other dimensions. So eventually you’ll have use your omnipotent power to fling yourself to another dimension, usurping another life with a free cosmetic change and starting all over again.
On this ‘fresh start’ you may wipe away the accumulated characteristics your dimension acquired, truly starting from the start. You can also spare individual General or Denizens if you wish, or make them reincarnate with the memories of their previous incarnation. You can also decide to keep you personal dimension exactly the same.
On this ‘fresh start’ you may chose a series of powers to take with you, so you don’t began in the human level again, or have some defense against the possible dangers of the new reality. The quality and strength of this power or powers depends on this new reality; as a rule, the more dangerous the new reality are the more powerful you can initially make yourself.
No matter where you are, what you do, or how much you try, your presence in a world will always stimulate it to form a magical girl system to fight against your invasion, or if the world already have one, it will make the girl of this system turn their attention towards you.
Beware because if a girl succeeds too much in killing your Denizens and Generals, purifying too much of the energy of your dimension, or if they manage to find and kill you, it will throw off the hold you personal dimension have upon their world, and it will take some time for you to reform and try again on their, or another world. If this happens while your Dimension is critically in need of sustenance, you and your dimension may actually die.
It is possible to corrupt a Magical Girls and turn her into Denizens, these special Denizens are named Divas and they are unique because they will maintain a corrupted version of the powers their have as a ‘regular’ Magical Girl, a combination that usually gives them great initial power and a potential greater than even the Generals.



Essence of the Lost Primarch.
By drinking form a vial of the Emperor of Mankind’s blood, you have become one of his Primarch sons, taking the place of one of the two who would be erased from history.
You may choose to regain consciousness as a Primarch baby in the moment your pod hits your new home planet, or was a fully grown adult with a brief lifetime of memories at your disposal.
Because of the warp’s wibbly wobbly timey wimey shenanigans, you may choose when in the timeline your gestation pod crash-landed. It can be anywhere from the war-torn age of the 30th millennium, to the war-torn, grimdark, ass-fuckery chaotic age of the 41th. However, no matter when you crash, your new home planet will be untouched by the imperium of man during that time.
If you choose to fall in the 30th millennium, the Emperor of Mankind will inevitably find you, but you may choose exactly when that will happen in accordance to the findings of your brother Primarchs.
You may ‘design’ your new home planet and the culture of the human population in it, in any way you wish, be it as a mirror of one of the cultures from the old Earth, or something you came out entirely on your own. However, your homeplanet must have a challenge or several for you to overcome, for example; it can be periodically savaged by warp beasts, it can be an post apocalyptic wasteland, it can be dominated by a cruel race of Xenos and many more. Depending on the design your homeplanet, it will gain the designation of Death World by imperium scholars in the future.
As a Primarch you will grown at an accelerated rate, reaching the size of a tall adolescence within the first year of your life, and reaching your full maturity within 5 to 10 years, with your height anywhere from 3 to 5 meters (10' to 16' feet) tall.
You are excessively strong even as a baby. At full maturity your physical strength will be among the top of the Primarchs, allowing you to fight armies with your bare hands.
You can move blissfully fast, with unmatched agility and, if you try, unnatural grace, so much so that you will be able to easily keep up a fancy sword duel with an Eldar veteran of the War in Heaven if that somehow come to be.
Your resilience is extremely high; to the point your naked body itself could be considered an extremely strong armor. You can take an insane among of damage before you go down, and recuperate from all but the most grievous of wounds. As a baseline, you can survive something that would kill a Adeptus Astartes.
You have all the additional organs an Adeptus Astartes have; only yours are naturally grown and function at the highest efficient possible.
You mind in enhanced to the level of a supercomputer, allowing you to, for example; learn new skills in a matters of minutes or hours, make complex calculations about the coordinate of a space fleet in your head, bring wonderful innovations a field of study you are interested in, and many more.
You have a record of the collective knowledge of all humanity installed in your subconscious, including knowledge of the Dark Age of Technology. This may give you direct knowledge about a few subjects, but it will most likely appear in the form of intuitive grasps of ‘new’ technology or philosophies. This will allow you to uplift a civilization from brozen years to a space faring state in a few decades.
Your will is unshakable and inviolable, this may show itself within aspect of your personality, but it affects or soul mostly. With this, you are highly resistant to the corruption of chaos, you will never fall or be tempted by it if it’s not your own wish. Only a direct and continuous touch of a God of Chaos is capable of making you fall unwillingly.
You may choose to inherit the Emperor of Mankind’s perpectual gene; with this your already high cellular regeneration becomes insanely fast and unnaturally efficient, allowing you to regenerate back to full health from a few cluster of left over cells if the needs be. This makes you virtually unkillable to all but the nastiest players in the galaxy.
The Emperor of Mankind created each Primarch to fill a role during times of war and out of it; you are no different. While your brothers already fill most of the roles the Emperor had in mind, there is two left for you to choose, these roles are flexible and not all encompassing, but they will affect you in a deep level, you may choose only one: The Successor: The Emperor of Mankind created you to succeed him when the time come. With this, your psionically might will be second only to the Emperor himself, and your spirit will gain the aspect of chaos anathema, making it utterly poisonous to the creatures of Chaos, thus making you completely immune to their corruption. You are destined to surpass the Emperor of Mankind someday, becoming the new milestone on Humanity’s ever-growing evolution. You may even, after the appreciated amount of time and experience; evolve to a higher state of being similar to the Old Ones of the past. Or The Trump Card: The Emperor of Mankind created you to be the ultimate weapon against Chaos, and also as a failsafe against himself if he ever stray from his path, or fall to the corruption of Chaos. Your soul now has become an Anti-warp soul, a unique type of soul that radiate a nullifying energy not unlike those of the Blanks. This ‘Blank Energy’ turn you into the great equalizer of the galaxy, utterly nullifying the might of Chaos by your presence alone, affecting Warp phenomenons, Warp creatures, or beings with a great connection to the warp like the greatest of the Blank would. Your control over this energy is unmatched, allowing you to lowering the effects to almost non-existent or directing all of it to an individual target. You may even use it as a improvised Gellar field for your spaceship if you need it, and with much training and time dedicated to it, you may become able to bask the entire galaxy in it, turning the warp back into the peaceful realm of soul from before, and nullifying Chaos back to it’s harmless primordial state. Be warned though, this makes you the greatest threat against Chaos, even bigger than the Emperor himself, The Chaos Gods will certainly dedicate their undivided attention to your destruction if they ever realize it.
You have a legion of Adeptus Astartes made from your gene seed, essentially making them your sons, the legion number is either II or XI, you have to choose.
No matter what, they will worship the ground you walk on, and even if you greatly antagonize them or reject them entirely, they will still have a deep level of respect and admiration towards you.
Your legion share traits with you even before you are found, you may decide exactly what those traits are, but they must follow the aspects given to you by your role, one way or another.
Your legion will adapt itself to what you need/want. This will show in legion-wide changes in their doctrines, battle tactic and even culture, and on individual level; like a greenhorn neophyte growing to be a argumentative adviser, an apothecary becoming a deadpan smartass who had your best interest in mind, or a mechanicus turning into a fun-loving drinking buddy who you can decompress with. These changes are always natural, and seamless. The legion will also assimilate the parts or the entire culture of your homeplanet.
Your passage through the Warp was a baby has given you a set of mutations; these mutations are utterly invisible to the eye and will not be detected without throughout examination.
Your mutation make so your great Primarch penis will always fit the orifices of your sexual partner in the way that brings the most pleasure for both parties no matter the size differences.
Your mutations make your semen become highly nutritious and devilishly delicious. Your semen also temporarily enhances your partner’s physical and mental attributes after sex, and also gives them a cloak of Psychic protection against chaos. This cloak gives them a blank-like warp immunity if you chose the Trump Card as your role.
Your mutations make it so frequent exposure to your semen naturally increases your partner’s life, slowing down or even stopping the passage of time over their cells, this essentially allow your lovers to live as much as you do, as long as they are getting some. The need for more semen exposure to maintain their immortality decreases over the years, but never truly ceases.
Your mutations make it so you have a 1 in 100.000 chance of actually impregnating someone, in this case your child will born a naturally born Primaris Space Marines regardless if it’s a boy or a girl. They will born the size of normal human babies, to much of their mothers relief, but will quickly grown to an appropriate size, though their grown is slower than a Primarchs.
If you chose The Successor as your role, this chance drops to 1 in 1.000.000, but your child will be a naturally born Primarch instead.
Your legion and any Astartes made from your geneseed will share all your warp mutation; they have a much higher chance of impregnating someone than you, though their children only will be taller-than-average enhanced human lacking the additional organs. The boys will make for perfect space marine candidates, however.
You now have an essence granted, perfect cloak over your out-of–the-universe knowledge and your true nature as an otherworld being. NOTHING is able to break through this cloak, and any that try will receive a different stream of information that perfectly fits the in universe narrative, and will be satisfied with it. The only way for anyone to discover that your true nature is for you to directly tell or allow them to see it in your mind. This also has the unintentional side effect of confusing any precognition vision that involves you, as the future shown will be a highly convincing fabrication created by the cloak. This essence power can be toggled on and off as you wish.

Essence of the Boonmaster.
By drinking from the bitter, bubbly substance you have gain mastery in all kinds of boons.
You gain the power of grading boons to people other than yourself. These boons come in the form of supernatural powers, abilities or skills and can be granted through various means.
The first type of boon you can grant is the Minor Boon. These come in the form of simple, often one-off powers; like a moderately powerful superpower, mastery of one particular skill, a grabag of weaker superpowers, or a set of specific magical spells. As a combat example for comparison sake: this type of boons is capable of allow an individual that would otherwise be completely normal fight a team of elites of their own species. This type of boon, however, is static in nature and cannot grow or evolve over time.
You are capable of granting minor boons in any way you want as longs as the receiver is on your presence. But a receiver’s body can only withstand so much minor boons before it start breaking down. You can fill a person with countless minor boons and make the persons enormously powerful or at least wonderfully versatile for a time, at the price of causing irreversible damage on their body and soul that would inevitably led to their deaths. You instinctively know how many minors boons a particular person can handle.
Any person that receives any of your minor boons automatically forge a Minor Pledge of Loyalty towards you that maybe be manifested through some kind of marking on their bodies, or simply as a invisible marking on their soul. A minor pledge of loyalty simply nudges the receiver to have some basic loyalty towards you, and also makes easier for them to see you in a positive light. But it does not make your words binding, and an individual with enough mental fortitude might be able to shake it off. This loyalty will not survive severe mistreatment. The strength of this pledge is dictated by the number of minor boons they have upon their bodies, being there more boons they have the stronger is the pledge.
The other type of boon you can grant is the Major Boon. These come in the form of more complex and more powerful powers, skills and abilities. They can come in the form of much better and more powerful versions of minor boons, but with their added complexity you can grant things like whole functional power systems, like granting a receiver a gamer-like level up system, or grating them the power system of other universes like Chakra, Mana or Nen. This type is not as rigid as the minor boons and each boon given can grow and evolve without an upper limit, however, the speed to which this potential growth is realized is inversely proportional to the level of the initial power; the lowest level of initial power is comparable to a minor boon, but they can grow and evolve at frightening speeds while the maximum level of initial power is several hundred times higher than a minor boon, but they cannot grow and evolve very fast. As a combat example for comparison sake: Initially, this type of boon is capable of allow an individual that would otherwise be completely normal fight a sizable army of elites of the same species, with their effectiveness increasing over time.
The only way you can grant major boons is through a ritual or a ceremony. The details of this ceremony are completely up to you. However, the ceremony must have a action that symbolizes the new ‘bond’ between you and the boon’s receiver, this action takes form by the consumption of a bodily substance either from you or by you. For example, the whole ‘ceremony’ can be as simple as cutting your palm and let the receiver drink from your blood. The same can be said from other bodily substances, like sweat, saliva, or cum for drinking, and hair, nails or flesh for consumption. However, due to the strong nature of this type of boons, a person can only handle up to five at once, depending on the individual.
Any person that receives a Major Boon automatically forges a Major Pledge of Loyalty towards you that maybe be manifested through some kind of marking on their bodies, or simply as a invisible marking on their soul. A major pledge of loyalty inspires a high level of loyalty right out the gate, not enough to be binding at first but enough to even make enemies rethink their stance on you. This pledge make your orders binding to the receiver, with the more emphasis you put on your words the harder it its for a receiver to resist. This loyalty can grow without limits, quickly growing into a fanatical belief if let alone, but you can place a limit on that if you wish. Pledge will make the receiver have a positive disposition towards you right out the gate, and these feeling will evolve and grow to true devotion, true friendship, or true love, you’re able to steer the developments of these feelings in any way you wish or leave them at random, but no matter what you do they will away become something intense. A receiver’s sense of loyalty is somewhat tied to the evolution of their major boon, with those with extreme loyalty developing and evolving them faster than those weaker loyalty, a person can even evolve their body to accommodate more major boons than they normally would if they’re loyal enough.
Minors boons and Major boons occupy different metaphysical spaces inside a receiver’s self, so they can be granted and maintained at the same time.
You have complete control over the details of your boons and how they will evolve. You can set boons to be temporary or permanent, set conditions for their use or consequences for their misuse. You can take away, depower, or even change the nature of any boon given at anytime, regardless of the distance or consent, but you cannot directly empower them. You can use that ability to simulate powers of your own, like simulating a healing touch by giving a sick or wounded person a temporary minor boon of ‘health’, or simulate a resurrection power by giving a corpse the major boon or ‘life’. And these are just a few examples.


Essence of the Ultimate Symbiote
By drinking from a writhing, questionably liquid substance you’ve become the personification of a multiverval living abyss known as the ultimate symbionte!
Your body becomes a formless, writhing mass of impossible flesh. In this state you are practically indestructible and are capable of exercising enough strength to defend yourself and subdued most creatures, however, any abilities and powers you have become unstable and unreliable. You can survive indefinitely on this form but you mind will be assaulted with an urge to seek out and bond to a host, and this urge will grow stronger each day until it becomes irresistible.
You are able to ‘bond’ to a host regardless of their consent, but they must be larger than an insect. Once bonded, your body will stretch and envelope your host, forming a bodysuit-like cover over their form, the only natural markings being a color disparity over their eyes, that’s it if they have any, this will become your ‘default state’. Any powers and abilities you have including essence based ones are only stabilized once you are bonded.
You have an uncanny ability to freely shapeshift your form in whatever way you wish, this include fully transmuting your form into another material if you wish. With this you can modify your default state in any way you want, making into a mass of bulging muscles, a tangle of wiggling tentacles, a lump of toothy maws and bone spikes, or a combination of all, the possibilities are endless, but be mindful of your host.
You are able to completely hide yourself within your host body in any way you wish, be it melting inside them and staying just under their skin, concentrating your entire mass into tiny area forming a tattoo or a mole-like dot, or even melting inside their molecular composition seemingly leaving no trace of you behind.
Once you are hidden, it’s impossible to detect you are here no matter the mechanics or method used, you toggle this ability on and off.
You can not be separated from your host unless by your choice alone. If you ever decides to leave your host, you can choose if your parting would harm or kill them.
You are able to multiply your host strength, speed, agility and any other corporeal aspects many times their normal capacity, the amount you can unleash is virtually limitless but there is a limit to how much stress your host’s body can handle. Of course, you can ignore this and allow for physical feats surpassing even gods, but this will be at the expense of your host’s body.
You are immensely tough, able to withstand forces that would destroy a planet, survive at near absolute zero temperatures or the heart the sun and quickly regenerate from any damage. You are able to protect your host from a similar level of punishment, though you can masterful pretend to be injured and let some damage pass if you want to up the fun and intensity of a fight. It’s impossible to tell if you are pretending no matter the method used.
You are able to absorb, copy or steal any inherent power, knowledge or ability your host has, no matter if they are metaphysical or incorporeal in nature. For example, you might absorb the Gamer power if your host have it, or the capability to use Chakra, or produce mana. As long as your host has them you are able to steal or copy them for yourself.
You can absorb and learn new powers, skill, or abilities by consuming others, consuming small parts like blood or bits of flesh only gives a partial effect proportional to their size, while full consumption grants everything they have. You can even acquire memories of the target by the same means. You can consume your own host to the same effect if you want.
You have utter control over your host body, mind, soul and any other aspect of their being. Allowing you to shape then how you see fit, you also have a instinctual understanding about how to make any changes you want to without harming them, be warned though, there is a clear limit about how much you can manipulate them without risking a complete breakdown, you can ignore this limits at your host’s risk if you want. However, any change you make require time to appear ans settle, with changes to the mind and body ranging from near instant or few seconds long, and change to the soul or other deeper aspects taking a hours or days to change.
You have a telepathical link to your host that allows for communication. This link his essence based and can never be broken, blocked or disturbed unless you allow it. Though you can choose to never use this and talk to your host through the dominion your have over their mind.
Any ability, power of skill you have can be transferred or taught to your host, even if their bodies shouldn’t be capable of using it. You can choose how to ability manifest. Incidentally, you can give your host nothing and use the ability yourself in a matter that makes them think they’re the one using it. Its up to you.
You do not have any particular vulnerability, but sharp sounds and sound based attacks and techniques annoy you more than others, they give you the equivalent of a throbbing headache. For this fact, its more difficult for you to learn and absorb sound based powers.
You need sustenance to survive. At your most desperate, you can enter a state of stasis or near stasis that can let you wait out for the closest form of sustenance for as long as necessary.
There are three means you can get sustenance. The first is using photosynthesis; you will need a sun or a source of light at heat for this method, though its impossible for you to feel satisfied with this alone. The second is consumption, be it eating or drinking normal food and drinks or consuming entire beings predatorily, you can consume anything biological and even some inorganic objects to replenish your energy, this will only ever be mildly satisfying. And the last method is absorbing sexual energy through lewd acts much like an incubus or succubus, this is by far the most effective method, you can get it from your host, through your host, or using your host to get it from someone else. This is the only method that can satisfy you.
You may toggle on a reaction on the chain of fate of the world you are that would inevitably make you met a host or make a host met you.
You know a spell that would fling you through the multiverse in the direction of a host you can’t choose the exact identity of this host but you can set ‘requirements’ of how you want your host to be and the spell will send you to a host that meet this requirements.

Shadowstep12
Essence of the Core
Imbibing this fanciful concoction does quite a few things for you.
First it grants a connection to one or all of the following cores.
-The golden and crystalline corecell
With this core you have power over bakugan evolution and can make any nearby you evolve.
-The elemental perfect core
You gain a crystal on your body with which a rainbow glows within.
you have access to all the bakugan elements. Pyrus,Ventus,Aquos,Darkus,Haos,Subterra.
You also can become the core of a planet filled with bakugan at any time though unlike drago you may have a body and walk the planet without removing yourself from the core.
-The disastrous and clear silent core.
This allows you to control the mechtogan and any being in the doom dimension as well as travel through it without harm. You gain power from this dimension
You also gain a connection to Code Eve allowing you to become either a member of the two original bakugan lines
Dragonoid or Dharaknoid or an above average example of a bakugan that descended from these two lines(which is all the others)
You are also now similar to code eve in that you can create your own bakugan.
You also can transform into the great warrior leonidas the only bakugan to not descend from code eve like the first two and thus all others after them.
You can also connect your world with vestroia or any other world with bakugan. Make gate cards and bakugan appear in the world.
Or open holes to the doom dimension.
You also become an expert at bakugan brawling using bakugan traps, bakutech,bakucores,mechtogan and other bakugan battling tech and techniques.
Sacram
Essence of the Runelord
Drinking this silver liquid makes you wanna pick up the nearest hammer and start making wonders!
>As a start you have the body of a dwarf, perhaps not literally though you do have the alcohol and hostile magic resistance, great willpower, potent body and long lifespan, though that last bit is more you being ageless since you are akin to a living ancestor more than anything, for free you may have a rather long beard that reaches your knees if you're a guy or a just as long braid for women.
>Either way, you have the skill of a Master runesmith, who is a dwarf using their runes to manipulate magic into enhancing items, yet you go beyond that as you know not only all the lore the dwarves of warhammer knew including all lost lore. On top of that you have the capacity and talent to create new runes and fuse other magic, powers or special materials that you have with this craft, but the power that would drive all dwarves nuts is your power to make molten gromril, how this happens is up to you.
>Unlike most runesmiths, you are able thanks to sheer talent and supernal power to finish centuries long artifacts into mere decades, with time this will go faster until you are finishing into years and then months, whilst those that needed less time would go by even faster. Even in worlds without magic you can still use runesmithing and anyone you teach this art will be able to become a passable runesmith in a decades time, their body, spirit and mind growing notably stronger to handle such things, should they not require sleep or show a proper aptitude for the runes or smithing then this can go faster, you may assume any proper dwarfs need only five years if they put the effort and have talent, but most importantly your apprentices inherit to a degree your capacity to finish their smithing far more quickly, though they cannot take on their own apprentices to teach them their art, but surely they will be of aid in finishing in decades very potent artifacts or less potent in years which would normally take decades for others, plus they too would not require magic to exist around of you.
>Your talent as a Runelord also provides you the eternal and undying loyalty of a dwarven blacksmith clan with more than a few Runesmiths all of which were as if apprenticed under you with all that entails, at your discretion you may allow for any runesmiths and apprentices you take from this clan to ignore the apprentice limitation as per above so long they pick people of the clan. Thankfully for your sanity they are not as grudge happy as some of their kind are and all of them are more than passable warriors, should they die the very ground will spit out a new battle ready clan just as loyal, skill and well equipped as the previous one and with a great undying Grudge against those who killed your loyal vassals.

Essence of the Karak
Drinking this hearty ale makes you take a satisfied breath as you hear a merry band of proper dwarfs singing whilst mining.
>You get your own Karak, a dwarven stronghold from Warhammer generally built into a mountain with about 50,000 dwarves inside and enough empty space prepared for 20,000 more people, culture wise they are obviously similar to their other kin, but you can change that to a degree so long it would not be incredibly implausible to be that way (I.e if you are a god then worshiping you with their other gods is plausible or if you can make a race then the customs may shift a bit to let them cohabit together far more easily and smoothly).
>Defence wise the Karak has quite a few rune enhanced canons as well enough runic armor and weapons that an army of five thousand warriors plus two thousand of various specialties including Thunderers with guns exists. The Karak itself is self-sufficient, holding on the mountains outside the karak herds of goats, herb gardens and even a small plateau or valley somewhere where they grow a few crops safely, on top of this you have a progressive though not radical engineers guild to let you slowly advance the various technologies they have.
>Needless to say you may also design the Karak before deploying it for the first time, allowing you to apply any crafting, magical, creation and other powers as well skills on it before hand, do you want them to have a lake or holding a nice valley? Or perhaps you wish to have hollowed out most of a mountain? Maybe even add some technology or your race? So long you have the knowledge and skill many things can be added, just keep in mind that if you add more people or creatures there is a limit of thirty thousand more with the extra empty space going up to fifty thousand more people instead of twenty, if you lack such a power you may simply double the number of dwarves which will make you the biggest most populous Karak bordering the Capital of the dwarven empire in the Warhammer universe.
>You yourself are keenly aware of Karak customs and easily find yourself keeping up to date should somehow they change a bit or if you try to change them and change in an unexpected way, you also speak, read and write fluently without much of an accent their language. On top of having passable skill as a miner, architect and blacksmith among the dwarfs.
>It is worth noting that you have a notable boost to charisma and a talent for finding satisfying answers or solutions to avoid grudges between two dwarfs or other parties, as well some talent in manipulation that coupled with your silver tongue you find yourself easily avoiding insulting the honor of either party. Plus a heavy alcohol tolerance to let you handle dwarven drinks and a boost to endurance as well physical power coupled with enough willpower to let you keep up with any dwarf Slayer or warrior.
>Depending on your powers and skills, your position in the Karak may range from a beloved resident of the Karak and very respected dwarf-friend who sits on the council of those leading it, to their king to Honorary Ancestor God, the last is bound to happen if you have either peerless skill in one area that greatly impresses them whilst being ageless, some sort of safe and potent crafting magic (Especially if you can teach it) or if you have the power to create other races to live with them in harmony, in fact whatever other Essences you have drank you may consider yourself to have applied them on any residents as you wish before deploying the Karak for the first time.
>That is not all, you may choose two specialties for your Karak, the more specific those are the higher the general skill and the easier it becomes for all residents to learn it as well to expierence less skill decay, make them weaponsmiths and they are among the top five dwarven holds, make it meele weapons only and you get them as the top Karak with a boost to runesmiths helping enhance them, but make it a specific weapon or item and your Karak is the best among most worlds out there in making that thing and likely know more than a few dozen runic enhancements to use on it. In the last case, anyone who is not a god of such a thing is quite likely not going to approach the Karak dwarfs in this specialty. In any case this could also be music, scouting, mining, war or diplomacy if you wanted, no limits to it so long the dwarfs can do it. You will also have a masters skill in those three areas by dwarf standards.
>One way or another you also have a council of ageless dwarven friends who gave you heavy oaths as well their eternal loyalty. They are skilled in things related to the following areas Martial, Intrigue, Stewardship, Diplomacy and Piety, the last one doubles as a skilled runesmith, at your discretion you may have them be skilled in another area which makes them stronger in both, but takes away the sheer time they have to focus on either duty. If you do not wish to handle the Karak, they can handle this together in your stead, but if you aid them then it will no doubt be able to grow faster and better, plus it would cut down the times they all no doubt argue.
>Should you go to another world, you may deploy your Karak there, this will also regenerate all the normal metal, stone and other resources in the mines or create new ones if the lands are poor, such veins however will last for about a century. Any expansions or upgrades to the Karak are kept when re-deploying it.

Essence of the Black Ark
Drinking this makes you hear cruel laughter and the sound of waves claiming cities.

>Upon drinking this at the nearest body of water comes forth a Black Ark, this giant fortress like monstrosity is larger than average and stands at roughly the size of a small city, making it able to handle dozens of thousand people in it, it sails forth despite its size thanks to some heavy duty dark magic that cannot be dispelled or tampered with in any negative way, on top of you having a third person viewpoint so to speak that lets you watch anything and everything from afar as well sense any potent enough magics or strong enough people and souls within it, this sense lets you control the Ark all on your own akin to an extension of yourself by concentrating. As a side note you have a small dark elf fleet around your Black ark plus quite a few sea dragons, which you may summon later on if you want or give it up in return for adding a wide variety of slaves and dark elf warriors, mages and more whilst also expanding the ark.

>The many thousand of strong dark elves crewing the Ark and hundreds in the fleet are loyal to you and only you to death and beyond for all eternity, this includes their descendants but keep in mind that whilst they won’t act against you they are still dark elves, even if they are now cleansed and protected from chaos for the most part, on top of being a notable step less malicious and arrogant than their normal kin. They still are druchii even with all those factors going on, it will take some time for you to change how they are, not to forget that they still are fine killing someone to get ahead bar making a mess that would displease you. No doubt any slaves you do not decide are important enough for the VIP treatment are going to be for rough times, though VIP could mean doing worse things to them for some people. Either way they are willing to listen to you in general, just make sure to keep them amused and maybe throw a feast or orgy. Logistics wise you have enough food and water constantly replenishing in the Ark out of nothing in order to handle whatever your current population from this essence is with a small extra being stored away.

>As one may expect you have a good enough mind and strong, tough as well fast enough body that you can fight on par with the greatest of dark elf warriors whilst lacking any personal skill on your side, this is now coupled with all the skills a Black Ark fleetmaster would need to lead the Black Ark and fleet. You however also get a boost to your appearance as to be good looking enough that a dark elf would wish to have fun with you even if you were an Ogre, on top of the general addition of a talent for strategy and intrigue.

>To aid you in handling things, you have your own personal court of advisers and leaders handling things around of you, they at least are able to work together without too much backstabbing if only to keep being supported by each other in order to hold on to their power. Just in case you are given a very potent resistance to all poison and venom alike plus a regenerative factor that keeps you alive through grievous injuries like something stabbing you in the heart whilst also making you ageless, just in case because of also how wild some parties could get among other things.

>You may sail forth with your Black Ark and set course through time and space to reach any point after Malekith makes the dark elves in the timeline of Warhammer Fantasy, that said you owe him nothing and neither does he, but you may find it useful nonetheless to support him for whatever reason, maybe to kill him or tell him that if he went through the flame fully he would have survived and been healed? Who knows. Either way, if you have the power to go to any other world then you may sail forth with your fleet to those other worlds and for free can sail back to the world you first brought the Black Ark out. 
xcv45

Essence of CYOA Merging
By consuming this essence, you gain the following benefits:
Choose 2 or more CYOAs you do in a chain after this one. You may do this multiple times, choosing CYOAs different from ones already chosen.
For each instance of the above, the chosen CYOAs are merged and will happen at the same time instead of happening in a chain.
You may choose the setting of a merged CYOA to the same as one of its component CYOAs, or to instead be a mix of them.
Doublings that target a merged CYOA instead happen to one its component CYOAs (you choose which for each doubling).

Mgunh1
Essence of the Terraformer
By consuming this Essence, you become a living Terraformer, capable of bringing dead worlds to life.
You are immune to any and all environmental issues, such as the lack of air in space, or the crushing depths of the ocean.
You can teleport from planet to planet that you know of and can simply request your power to take you to the nearest uninhabited planet or star system. You can set requests for the kind of planet you wish to go to and your power will seek out the nearest match. Your speed while on a planet is likewise instantaneous but only while acting in your roll as a terraformer.
Your power tends to default to finding uninhabited planets to terraform, but you can go to any planet you yourself are aware of, including earth.
You must work with already existing planets, but those planets can be anything from a dwarf planetoid to a gas-giant.
You can set basic info for your planet (such as gravity level, atmospheric pressure and make up, etc) before properly terraforming it. Note that going too far out of the normal bounds of physics can result in odd things happening, such as giving a planetoid the size of Pluto Earth-like gravity might end up with magic gravity creating crystals replacing the core and glowing purple magma as a result.
Your real work relies on creating 'lands', areas shaped by your will to support certain geological structures and life forms. The more detailed your work, the smaller the area of land you have to work with. Simply declaring an area as a 'desert' could see the land stretch over an entire continent, but trying to build a fully functioning city would have your focus limited to just a few hundred square kilometres at a time (New York City is approx. 800 square kilometres for comparison). 'Theming' a world with a singular planet spanning climate or ecosystem is recommended to make things easier.
Without some other method, you are limited to populating your planets with earth-based animals (excluding humans), but can pick animals from any period in earth's history up to modern day. Animals are created by your will ex-nihilo, with a basic understanding of how they should survive based on how the animal would have lived back on earth and some minor modifications to survive on the planet you created (dinosaurs wont have too much issue adapting to living on a planet with modern oxygen levels, for instance, but don't expect Carboniferous insects to do the same).
You can terraform planets with an already existing biosphere. Your power will alert you if changes will negatively affect the existing biosphere and how badly it will affect it. You will also know how best to repair damaged areas, such as from pollution or environmental disasters.

Essence of ROB
You are now one of the random forces that isekais people.
When you isekai someone they are sent from their current world to another of your choice.
You must give the individual a boon of some kind and a task they can reasonably accomplish in the new world using means available to them in that world (including using your boon).
The boon given must be a power or skill you yourself possess. As such, it is recommended you have some other power beyond this one. Don't worry, you don't lose the power/skill/etc that you give them, they simply receive a copy of it.
You do not need to let the individual know what the task you gave them is, though be warned this reduces the likelihood they will accomplish it.
Once their task is complete they are given the option of returning home or staying in the new world. Regardless of their choice, they keep the boon granted to them.
In return, after they accomplish their task, you gain all the experience the individual learned in that universe up to that point; all the magicks they mastered, the skills they learned, the science and technology they researched, etc. This also includes any interesting tricks they learned with the boon you gave them.
Should they die in the new world, you do not gain the experience and the isekaied individual is teleported right back to the world they came from with no time having passed and no memory of having gone. Yes, this means you can isekai the same person over and over with a different boon each time until they succeed.
When you isekai someone, you can choose to speak to them directly prior to insertion. Such a discussion will happen in a pocket dimension of your own design and no time in either world will pass during these talks. You can also choose to simply send them with only a vague or instinctive knowledge of the boon and/or task given to them (you may choose only one if you wish), or instead with no knowledge of either.

SwiftRosenthal
Essence of the Brass Tower
An exact copy of Numidium, a mountain-sized reality-warping mecha with brassy 'skin,' rises from the earth around you. You won't need anything else, so here's some more details so you know what you're getting into.
Numidium has an onboard AI with whatever nickname, personality, and voice you want. The AI will share all of the statue's senses with you and obey your commands... mostly. If you give contradictory or stupid orders, it will disobey the letter in favor of the spirit.
Numidium's interior includes an observation deck and command room in the head, 5000 m3 of fully-stocked private living space in the torso, and the Heart of Lorkhan where its heart would be if it was a human. Anything more advanced than that can be hollowed out and furnished on demand. The Heart of Lorkhan will function as advertised regardless of which universe you're in.
Weapons? Defenses? Mobility? Don't worry about any of that. Seriously, don't.

Jargondragon 

Essence of the AU Counterpart
Drinking this strange swirling rainbow of a drink grants you the power of Alternate Reality Variations.
-You gain awareness of all alternate variants of you across the multiverse.
-You can 'become' a variant of yourself from these alternate realities at any time without fear of any real changes to your personality from the shift. You'll gain any knowledge and backstory they had. So expect some whiplash if your alternate is too far removed from your world.
-This also allows you to travel to those alternate universes where you exist at will
-Any time you die you just wake up in an alternate dimension body. Depending on the exact nature of your 'death' it could mean a complete lock out of that reality without some other method of travel.
-This AU shifting can also apply to others. Change someone to an AU counterpart though you'll have to be careful as they don't get the same stream of consciousness pass that you do for rather extensively different alternate universe variants.

ArchAngel621
Essence of the Cycle (Worm)
Your body now becomes a cluster of crystalline mass of exotic matter that exist in multiple parallel universe & can easily travel across universes as people walk across a room.

Your mind is now distributed throughout your shards & can offloaded your mental faculties to your shards.

Your now have access to a sealed pocket universe that only you & those you allow have the ability to access. You also have the ability to seal universe with this ability.

You can now project a Physical avatar from your sealed universe while your real body remains safe. This universe can't be breach unless you will it even with Sting.

Access to all shard powers demonstrated in the Worm, Ward, Worm Jumpchains, & the Worms CYOAs stories (Ex: Stilling included.) You can make these powers shardless if you wish.
These powers cannot be taken away, suppress, weaken, or copied in any way.
Won't run out off power from overuse.
Are not limited to planetary orbit.
Your power level has no limits on it, & operate without the usual negative effects that shards without limits have.
Powers are completely unrestricted unless you desire them to be.
Your powers are not limited by the Manton Effect.
Contain no blindspots.
You have full knowledge how these powers work & the best ways to use them and you won't be overwhelmed by the sheer number of powers you have.
If, for some reason, you are unable to come up with a power or are incapable of doing so, you will automatically be given the best power for the situation. This will also happen whenever you are preoccupied, unconscious or caught off guard. For example, being given August Prince power when you are being attack while you are asleep and having it activated.
Shard have absolutely no influence over you unless you allow it. They're completely loyal, unable to rebel or work against you.
Tinkertech you make doesn't have the same problem in universe of needing constant maintenance & cannot be reverse engineered without your permission.
Also able to use you scanning ability to reverse engineer/copy any ability or tech you come across.
As an entity you gain perfect/ infinite memory & processing power with instant recall & learning capability.
Furthermore your mind is able to process and successfully handle the multitasking and management needed to perfectly simulate 10^81 universes in real time.

Capable of budding off to create a copy of yourself & can re-absorb them at any point & obtain their memories, powers, etc. These copies are completely loyal, unable to rebel or work against you.

You now have a Bond Mate waifu/husbando with the same abilities as you. They're completely loyal, unable to rebel or work against you.

Capable of creating & distributing shards to individuals to create parahumans . These shards can be programmed to your specifications (Such as whether they are limited by the Manton Effect, range, how they can be triggered, blindspots, secondary trigger, power level, etc.) Beings who have the copies of your power cannot hurt you in any way and you can instantly recall back those powers whenever you want. You are capable of recalling them at will, it's up to you to decide whether this kills the host

The ability to create 20 Endbringers to serve you. They're completely loyal, unable to rebel or work against you. They can also be programmed to your specifications (Such as whether they are limited by the Manton Effect, range, etc.

Index - Essence of the Academy Individual - Consuming this tube of Red liquid will give you several boons.
Become a hybrid being capable of using magic & science without issue. With vast reservoirs of energy for both.
You start off as a Level 5 with the potential to become Level 6.
You basically have the perfected ability of Takitsubo Rikou
AIM Stalker's diffusion field would allow you to be able o freely control other espers' Personal Realities. As Personal Realities were the source from which espers powers and phenomenon were brought into the real world, controlling it would not only mean increasing or decreasing an esper's level, it would also mean giving different kinds of powers to anyone, switch powers between espers, or remove esper powers all together. For example: Hamazura Shiage would be given the Meltdowner while Mugino Shizuri would be brought down to being a Level 0. Moreover, Dual Skill a previously impossible phenomena would become reality. Furthermore, you can do it freely at any place you want to. Essentially you alone could carry out every function that Academy City does, becoming an Academy Individual making the Power Curriculum Program obsolete.
Access to all powers shown or implied in the series. Can only hold 8 right but with time this limit will increase.
You also gain a complete understanding of the various Aeons including how to institute new ones if you so desire.
This included being able to affect beings from the other Aeons with your powers. Such as creating a new artificial tree such as Clonoth.
Using abilities from the various Aeons such as Aleister's bilocation ability.
Your powers can never be taken away, suppress, weaken, or copied in any way. Imagine Breaker won't be able to negate your abilities.
You have full knowledge how these powers work & the best ways to use them and you won't be overwhelmed by the sheer number of powers you have.
Any severe/fatal damage or deaths will be offloaded to a different possibility of yourself of which infinite exist. You can project these outwardly as your own army & body surf such as Aleister did.
You have access to a Brainwave Network not unlike the Misaka Network allowing you to store memories into the network as back-up, or distribution of it through the sisters in the network, as well as vast calculation abilities & the ability to offloaded your mental faculties to the network.
You can choose to have this network supported by your possibility hazards.
Perfect memory with infinite storage , instant recall & indexing.
Gain practically infinite trains of thought and ability to multitask.
Process things faster than super computers.
Genius level intellect surpassing the entire Kihara Family.
Expert Chess master & Manipulator
You become very good at planning and strategizing. As well as an intuitive understanding of how to capitalize on victories and recover from defeats keeping your plan on track.
You are also skilled at improvising and thinking on your feet.
You're skilled at manipulating people & gain a complete understanding of their mind, how they think, what motivates them, their core values and how they tick is revealed to you. Including ways to turn them from their lines of thought to yours.
You are very good at subtlety and misdirection.
Determining others' capabilities & how they'll be of use to you comes much easier to you.
While your ability to feel emotions is not diminished, they rarely if ever cloud your judgment.
You become more farsighted and better able to see the big picture while focusing on little details.
You become a masterful actor, able to play any role and present any personality you choose. You will instantly be aware of anyone attempting to read your mind or sense your emotions and can immediately create false thoughts, feelings and even memories that will show any mental scan exactly what you want them to see.
You become a master of the Hannibal lecture, you know how to remold them to your liking. You can break them with but a few words, you know how to tear down their ego, how to use cruel insults and sweet promises of relief to wear down even the most stubborn resistance.
You'll also be able to use Imagine Breaker & World Rejector but while you're doing so you'll be unable to use powers with it. You also have the capability to unleashed their full potential with time.
Windowless Building base that you can summon to any location that you desire. Contains all the technology of Academy City in it's database.
Create Espers by activating AIM field in others or magicians by teaching them various systems of magic.
You can only teach them one or the other as magic harms Espers you make as usual.
Espers & magicians you make cannot hurt or plot against you in any way and you can instantly recall back those powers whenever you want.
A small faction of followers. Whether it be espers, magicians, scientist, etc. Loyal to your cause regardless of what it may be. They're completely loyal, unable to rebel or work against you.
The ability to summon & create artificial angels like DRAGON & Fuse KAZAKIRI. They're completely loyal, unable to rebel or work against you.
You can choose to fuse with them granting you their abilities as well.
They don't need an AIM field to appear.

Index - Essence of the Secret Chiefs - Consuming this Golden essence colored like the Dawn will give you several boons.
The physical capacity of a Saint. Which includes superhuman physical strength, incredible speed, capable of channeling a larger amount of mana compared to normal magicians, and superhuman senses. Immune to the usual weakness such as those that resemble how the Son of God was killed (which include being stabbed, a crown of Thorns, and the crucifix), Saint Destroyer, & burning yourself out.
Can designate up to 20 people as Saints.
They have the usual weaknesses.
Saints you make cannot hurt or plot against you in any way and you can instantly recall back those powers whenever you want.
Understanding of all magical systems shown in the series. Such as having things with the same properties & powers of the original using Idol Theory.
You have the potential to become a Magic god. If you go this route you'll be able to enter the regular universe without destroying it due to your power.
Using Idol Theory you could theoretically perfectly recreate something like the Holy Right with time.
Your powers can never be taken away, suppress, weaken, or copied in any way. Imagine Breaker won't be able to negate your abilities.
You have full knowledge how these powers work & the best ways to use them and you won't be overwhelmed by the sheer number of powers you have.
Genius level intellect surpassing that of Aleister Crowley.
Expert Chess master & Manipulator
You become very good at planning and strategizing. As well as an intuitive understanding of how to capitalize on victories and recover from defeats keeping your plan on track.
You are also skilled at improvising and thinking on your feet.
You're skilled at manipulating people & gain a complete understanding of their mind, how they think, what motivates them, their core values and how they tick is revealed to you. Including ways to turn them from their lines of thought to yours.
You are very good at subtlety and misdirection.
Determining others' capabilities & how they'll be of use to you comes much easier to you.
While your ability to feel emotions is not diminished, they rarely if ever cloud your judgment.
You become more farsighted and better able to see the big picture while focusing on little details.
You become a masterful actor, able to play any role and present any personality you choose. You will instantly be aware of anyone attempting to read your mind or sense your emotions and can immediately create false thoughts, feelings and even memories that will show any mental scan exactly what you want them to see.
You become a master of the Hannibal lecture, you know how to remold them to your liking. You can break them with but a few words, you know how to tear down their ego, how to use cruel insults and sweet promises of relief to wear down even the most stubborn resistance.
You'll also be able to use Imagine Breaker & World Rejector but while you're doing so you'll be unable to use powers with it. You also have the capability to unleashed their full potential with time.
You'll also receive all blueprints from every artifact in the series from Ambrosia to True Gungir), & the complete Index Librorum Prohibitorum downloaded into your mind.
103,000 magical grimoires
These can never be taken away, suppress, erased, or copied in any way.
Able to decipher & read these grimoires without harm or negative consequence.
Recall all information from them FTT on the fly.
Crafting the artifacts is up to you.
Create magicians by teaching them various systems of magic.
Magicians you make cannot hurt or plot against you in any way and you can instantly recall back those powers whenever you want.
The ability to summoning & binding demons like Coronzon or Archangels. They're completely loyal, unable to rebel or work against you.
You can choose to fuse with them granting you their abilities as well.
A small faction of followers. Whether it be espers, magicians, scientist, etc. Loyal to your cause regardless of what it may be. They're completely loyal, unable to rebel or work against you.


Essence of the Superman/ Kryptonian (DC)
Consuming this Sunlight colored essence will give you several boons.
The knowledge, powers, & abilities of every of Superman/ Kryptonian from the entire DC Universe past & present.
Silver Age Superman, Strange Visitor Superman, Tangent Superman of Eath 9, Quantum Superman of Earth-4, etc.
The ability to be able to hide in public with the flimsiest of disguises.
Don't need yellow sunlight to use powers.
Can breathe in space unaided.
Complete finesse when using your abilities. So no sneezing away an entirely solar system or red misting someone accidently.
Immunity from all forms of mind control/brainwashing, or reality warping.
None of the usual weaknesses demonstrated by Kryptonian in comics from red sunlight, magic, Kryptonite, or solar exhaustion.
Your powers can never be taken away, suppress, weaken, or copied in any way.
You have full knowledge how these powers work & the best ways to use them and you won't be overwhelmed by the sheer number of powers you have.
You have the body & physique of Superman if you so please. Or design one of your own choosing.
Able to create a portal from anywhere to a pocket universe containing the Fortress of Solitude only you can enter with complete access to all Kryptonian technology & Supermans trophies inside.
Contains multiple Superman Robots & the Eradicator AI.
A custom Supersuit, if destroyed or misplaced a new one will appear at your Fortress.
Access to a Supermen of the Multiverse army. Allowing you to call upon any Superman Expy in fiction to fight for you.
Loyal Brainiac AI. They're completely loyal, unable to rebel or work against you.

Essence of the Lone Wolf (Destiny)
Consuming this glowing spark of Light will give you several boons.
You can choose to change your race to any of the 3 races Human, Exo, or Awoken.
Due to your Paracausal nature you're are unable to be accounted for in predication, simulations, or any other form of precognition can account for you, ever. Any predictions that are made will be made without taking you in account, and if seeking you out directly, all they get is static. In addition, you are not bound by fate anymore; your destiny is only what you make of it.
Your paracausalty also renders you immune to causal manipulations such as time loops.
Access to all manifestations of light.
Your light meter will regenerate constantly.
Arc Light is derived from the deep forces that bind together complex matter.
Solar Light is derived from the energy produced by quantum forces.
Void Light is derived from the dark energy of the vacuum 'beneath' matter.
The abilities demonstrated by Light in lore & gameplay.
This includes the ability to shape items from it from axes, guns, or any weapon you desire to umbrellas & golf clubs.
With time & effort our ability may even rival the Travelers
The ability to designate a demiurge used to enforce reality, alter the world and define the universe of possible actions.
Whether that be guns, rituals, or technology.
Access to abilities of all classes & subclasses.
All abilities that guardians have demonstrated in lore.
Your powers can never be taken away, suppress, weaken, corrupted, or copied in any way.
You have full knowledge how these powers work & the best ways to use them.
Access to all gear, guns, & armor from the games you can summon anywhere. If destroyed they are automatically recreated in your Ascendant realm. You also receive intuitive knowledge on how to use them.
Custom Sparrow & Jumpship you can summon anywhere. If destroyed or misplaced they are automatically recreated in your Ascendant realm.
Immortal & Ageless.
Even if your suffer complete atomic disintegration being rewritten out of reality, paradoxed out of existance or being reduce to complete nothingness you will return in blaze of light.
Superhuman body or your own design.
A free, one-time cosmetic body resculpt to your ideal or desired appearance, skewing towards a tall and athletic look.
You gain immunity to all diseases, poisons and venom, and the ability to consume anything that isn't actually poisonous or indigestible by your metabolism without any problems.
Gain immunity from being corrupted from outside influences, with the will and resolve to back it up, allowing you to keep going through any amount of hardship; even bloody and broken you will not stop.
You also gain a perfect memory with infinite storage and instant recall with superb indexing. Your processing speed also becomes faster, allowing you to read novels from cover to cover within minutes.
Your reflexes, awareness, balance, and hand-eye coordination are similarly enhanced to superhuman levels, to the point you have a mild combat precognition and danger sense.
Can choose to have your vision change to that of a HUD.
Can bestow light to others to create other Guardians.
The ability to create a portal from anywhere to an Ascendant realm of your own design which is like an uncorrupted version of the Dreaming City.
Only you & those you designate can enter this place.
If anything should happen to disable you can subconsciously recall yourself to your realm.
You have complete control of everything in this realm. From the flow of time to the color of the sky.
Your realm also houses a loyal warmind AI that's unable to rebel or work against you.
Indestructible Ghost Companion with all abilities demonstrated in gameplay & lore.
Can customize how it looks.
They're completely loyal, unable to rebel or work against you.
Their personality is designed to complement yours.
If subdued or misplaced they are automatically restored to your Ascendant realm. Or you can simply keep it there until you decide to call upon it.

Essence of the Dark Wizard (Bastard!) - Consuming this Milky Translucent Essence will give you several boons.
The knowledge, powers, skills, & abilities of the Dark Wizard, Dark Schneider from the Bastard! Universe. You begin with the Majin Wings Dark Schneider, with time & training you'll eventually reach Dark Schneider's Adam of Darkness form.
You'll also get access to the abilities that of a Seraphim. Without the negative effect that comes with angels trying to materialize in the material plane. Said abilities include:
Having a very high level of intelligence and charisma.
Instills incredible charisma, the kind that even most cult leaders would be jealous of. With your charisma comes great oratorical skill. You can rally a crowd, hold your own in a debate, and persuade people that you are an individual of talent and character. You will be generally respected, even by your opponents.
Your planning skills will be greatly increased. Expect most plans you make and execute to largely go your way, or at least in a way that is favorable to you.
Making and sustaining alliances becomes easier for you.
You become very good at planning and strategizing.
You are also skilled at improvising and thinking on your feet.
You are capable of both seeing the big picture and focusing on details.
Determining others' capabilities & become an excellent ) judge of character comes much easier to you, but don't expect your assessments to always be completely accurate.
You are able to consider many different factors with relative ease.
You're skilled at manipulating people, subtlety & misdirection.
Power sufficient to atomize the world eventually you'll be able to casually create a universe with in your bare hands.
Senses a thousand-fold superior to a humans.
Able to move faster than light to escape a black hole.
Control the movement of atoms and sub-atomic particles such as Electrons. You can also attack and break atoms, manipulate and reconstruct matter and dark matter on molecular level.
Reconstruct and manipulate Time and Space on the level of Uriel's Fallen Augoeides form. This includes reflecting attacks through reversing space, reversing, stopping time, & even moving normally in those states.
Access to all spells used in the series be it by Seraphim, Demon, or Dark Schneider himself.
You also obtain all 7 of the Judas Pain shards & with them the ability to summon the Dragon Knight Lucifer armor from a sealed pocket universe to any location of your choosing. Beware using this will take a toll on your soul & body.
You receive a Augoeides form. Which is an angelic true form, which is to materialize in the real world requires a huge amount of energy. The strength and size of such a body are proportional to the mystical powers of an angel. You start at Uriel's Fallen Augoeides power level but you have no upper limit to how far you can progress. The generated energy upon the activation of a Seraph-Class Augoeides alone rivals Black Holes and Quasars, its brute force is enough to extinguish the stars. Complete victory over the you is only possible with the destruction of your Augoeides form. You can maintain this form indefinitely without problem.
You'll have your body structure converted to Eternal Atoms which is a reconstruction ability on the atomic level. They are described as the building blocks of life. So long as one of these atoms exist, The individual is capable of regenerating completely. Moreover, these atoms exist on seven separate planes of existence. This means, unless all atoms in all planes are simultaneously destroyed, the individual can regenerate. Essentially, anyone who is not capable of attacking someone spiritually, physically and astral all at once, cannot affect them at all. This and reconstruction are connected, so long as one of EA exists, the reconstruction ability won’t stop.
If destroyed you'll merely regenerate in a black void until you recreate your body on all 3 planes.
You'll gain a defensive ability called Dispel Bounds which are Auto-shields enveloping your body that ban/counter any attack or ability that comes in contact with them. These means until all the shields are broken, you aren't going be harmed with any attack, hax ability, or be BFR. Since shields regenerate fast enough to keep up with 4 million attacks a second, you're going to need a lot of speed to get through the barriers. The only two ways stated in the series to break through a Dispel Bound is to overcome their regeneration or use mega-powerful attack to break through them all at once.
You have full knowledge how these powers work & the best ways to use them and you won't be overwhelmed by the sheer number of powers you have.
Your powers can never be taken away, suppress, weaken, or copied in any way.
Receive the ability to summon any weapon from the series. Be it Michael's Divine Flame Sword Leviathan or Uriel's Divine Earth Spear Gungnir which is able to obliterate a star. You can only summon one weapon at a time though.
You gain the following abilities to create your own Harem. These can be toggled on/off.
Members of your sexual orientation are inexorably drawn to you.
Granted infinite stamina and vitality, you are a quite able lover, able to please a mind boggling amount of people into bliss.
Your body is changed to become your ultimate ideal of sex appeal, including tremendous endowment.

Essence of the Power of Kings (Code Geass) - Consuming this Purple & Crimson Colored Essence will give you several boons.
You have access to every Geass used in the Code Geass series whether it be the anime, manga, games, etc.
That includes the Geass Canceller as well.
You start with your Geass in one eye only able to use one ability at a time. With repeated use, or pushing the Geass to exceed its own limits it'll grow until it shows on both eyes, turning into a perfect Geass. When you've reach the perfect Geass level you'll be able to one ability for each eye as well abilities for other activation vectors (IE: Voice).
You can switch abilities on the fly base on the outcome or effect that you desire.
You won't have to worry about a "runaway Geass" that caused as a result of the user to become unable to control their Geass, making it become permanently active.
Every Geass, while powerful, has its own unique set of restrictions, limitations, or idiosyncrasies. Your Geass lacks those restrictions, for example your Power of Absolute Obedience can give commands either by sight without sound or sound without sight. You can use it multiple times on a single person. You can choose if they retain memories stemming from it. You won't feel strain from using your Geass.
You also receive a Code of Immortality, rendering yourself Immortal, neither suffering from age nor capable of being killed by conventional means. You can be shot multiple times, crush by water pressure, burned at the stake, subjected to the guillotine, placed in an iron maiden, and stabbed by multiple spears.
You have the ability to form a contract & bestow people with the power of Geass, which manifests differently in each person but generally carries the ability to affect the minds of those it is used on in some way.
If you don't know which power to bestow, you can choose to auto-bestow one which will give them an ability based on the person's inner desires, personality, strengths & weaknesses & directly compliments them.
Your Code allows you to detect people who are connected to Geass and people who are important to them. It allows you to detect the location of your own contractors, even at a distance, and confirm who possesses a Geass power and who does not, regardless of whom granted it to them.
You also have the ability to bestow people with Codes of Immortality. This will render them Immortal, they won't suffer from age nor capable of be capable of being killed by conventional means.
You gain a high level of intelligence, charisma, & become an expert manipulator.
You gain a perfect memory with infinite storage and instant recall with superb indexing.
Your processing speed also becomes faster, allowing you to read thousand page novels from cover to cover in less than 10 minutes.
Gain practically infinite trains of thought and ability to multitask.
Instills incredible charisma, the kind that even most cult leaders would be jealous of. With your charisma comes great oratorical skill. You can rally a crowd, hold your own in a debate, and persuade people that you are an individual of talent and character. You will be generally respected, even by your opponents.
Your planning skills will be greatly increased. Expect most plans you make and execute to largely go your way, or at least in a way that is favorable to you.
Making and sustaining alliances becomes easier for you.
You become very good at planning and strategizing.
You are also skilled at improvising and thinking on your feet.
You are capable of both seeing the big picture and focusing on details.
Determining others' capabilities & become an excellent ) judge of character comes much easier to you, but don't expect your assessments to always be completely accurate.
You are very good at subtlety and misdirection.
Determining others' capabilities & how they'll be of use to you comes much easier to you.
You become a masterful actor, able to play any role and present any personality you choose. You will instantly be aware of anyone attempting to read your mind or sense your emotions and can immediately create false thoughts, feelings and even memories that will show any mental scan exactly what you want them to see.
You become a master of the Hannibal lecture, you know how to remold them to your liking. You can break them with but a few words, you know how to tear down their ego, how to use cruel insults and sweet promises of relief to wear down even the most stubborn resistance.
You have full knowledge how these powers work & the best ways to use them and you won't be overwhelmed by the sheer number of powers you have.
You also activity control when your powers activate so you don't accidently give orders you don't desire.
Your powers can never be taken away, suppress, weaken, or copied in any way.
People who you bestow Geass' or Codes' upon cannot hurt or plot against you in any way and you can instantly recall back those powers whenever you want.
You are immune to the Geass of those you form contracts with.
If your contrctees overuse and/or have mental instability it can lead to an affliction known as "runaway Geass" that causes the user to become unable to control their Geass, making it become permanently active.
You receive the following items: Sky Fortress Damocles, the A141F5 Ikaruga Carrier, a Custom Knightmare Frame of your own design or choose one from the series. You can summon them to any location of your choosing.
Sky Fortress Damocles has regenerating supply of F.L.E.I.J.A. Warheads.
These items have functionally unlimited power source & requires no recharging.
If destroyed or lost it will simply reappear next time you try to summon them.

Essence of the Potential (Tenchi Muyo!) - By consuming this Essence, Godly Energy from a higher plane of existence will flow through you.
You receive three gems of unknown origin crafted from strange exotic matter upon receiving these gems they fuse with your being on a metaphysical level & are unable to be removed unless you recreate them with your wings. Each gem gives you a different ability.
The first gem gives you the ability to project Light Hawk Wings. Light Hawk Wings are our universe's manifestations of energy from a higher plane of existence, otherwise known as the life energy of the Chousin. They can also be used as an offensive weapon with vast results, but this is not their intended function. They're primarily used a defensive shield capable of repelling virtually any attack. They are a source of tremendous power.
Beings who can summon Light Hawk Wings have been shown to survive blackholes, merge universes, create force fields, control gravity, convert matter to energy and vice versa, survive in the vacuum of space, travel through time, survive galaxy destroying attacks, attacks from Chousin Avatars, and erase planets with a wave of their hand. Even when they are not using Light Hawk Wings, they are capable of these feats.
They can defend & attack from parallel timelines, universe, higher & lower dimensions even the future & past. As well as all forms of attacks whether that be physical, mental, spiritual or some other strange exotic vector. They also have the ability to completely cloak you from all forms of detection, (EM, magical, life force, etc. Even trying to view locations you've been to in the past will turn up nothing.) from beings up to the Chousins level. But that would require you manifesting ten wings.
You can shape how your wings appear when you manifest them.
You can create Light Hawk Wings without the assistance of a Royal Tree or the Chousin & as such doesn't require their godly power to manifest or sustain.
You’re initially limited to one, but with training, you should be able to wield three wings by the end of the ten years. A single wing can defend against an infinite number of minor attacks from any direction, like bullets, blades or antipersonnel energy weapons. Attacks from vehicle or ship-mounted sources can break the wing under sustained fire, forcing you to concentrate for several seconds to restore it. To reach your full potential of ten wings will require centuries of training.
Alternatively, you may use the wings as energy-mass conversion devices, creating always useful armor or a bladed weapon. The wings and the weapons created by them have edges measured in Planck Lengths, though the wings will never cut anything you don’t want them to.
Your wings will activate automatically to any threat coming at you whether you perceive it or not.
The generation of Light Hawk Wings requires a phenomenal amount of energy. But you don't need to worry about this problem. As you can generate them without issue.
You don't have a limit on the number of wings that he can generate, but all of 3-dimensional spacetime (our dimension) can only support a maximum number of 10 wings deployed before it is destroyed, (It takes a mere two LHW to merge universes together.)
This rule doesn't really apply to you, the ones you manifest don't count towards this limit. It does apply to potentials you create however.
The seconds gems give you intelligence equal to the Greatest Scientific Genius in the Universe, Washu Hakubi. Your brilliance is such that you can build amazing inventions to solve all kinds of problems, easily building items that would be considered supertech by sufficiently advance species. You can create wonders, past mere conveniences into legitimately useful things like advanced starships, ray guns and miraculous devices. You also gain any technology created by her, (Not to include Ryo-Ohki or Ryoko Hakubi). More importantly however, you gain an absolute certainty in your work. But beware that intelligence does not equal wisdom, there can be consequence to your scientific curiosity.
Through understanding the secrets of fifth through twelve dimensional technology and manipulation, you can create subdimensional spaces & spacefolding technology. Fit big things inside small spaces arrange doorways to lead across interstellar distances! This effect is limited to the ascending dimensions like exploiting Tesseracts or Square Circles. You can create as many spaces as your imagination allows with sheer math. These internal spaces can be empty, or be filled with naturally occurring elements like breathable atmosphere, randomly generated planets and celestial bodies, and so on. Such things are raw materials from which you can perform great works of science. You may also bring objects or places from normal space into a folded zone, but be mindful of folding space around things that affect other things, like black holes or suns. Lastly, you may use these folded realms to escape from higher powers like the Chousin or stranger beings, at least temporarily. You cannot run forever, however. As long as you are conscious, you may open a portal to your own folded spaces at any time.
You also gain access to the Database , the sum total of all knowledge of all existence of the Tenchi-Verse. Absolutely everything is known there, even though most couldn't comprehend it all. This database syncs & downloads the data of any library or database you interact with, (IE: The Domain (Halo), the Snowflake (Xeelee Sequence), & even some versions of Akashic Records). It helps when your system admin is an omnipotent deity that help create the multiverse. It's been keyed so that only you or those you allow can use it. You meaning no clones, temporal duplicates, alternate universe selves, mirror versions, etc.
Additionally you receive the powers, abilities, & body structure similar to that of the Dreaded Space Pirate, Ryoko Hakubi after her merging with Zero. Her powers include but not limited to passing through solid objects, walking on water, breathing underwater, shape-shifting, become invisible, levitation, energy control (including firing energy beams, summoning energy and forming energy into a weapon), firing lasers, summoning spirits, flight, heal grievous wounds, make physical duplicates of herself, take control of objects, teleportation, survive in space, force fields, super strength, super speed, limited control over water, telepathy, control over computers & many more. You do not require Washu's gems to unleash your true potential, (after fusing with Ryo-Ohki.)
Finally with the third gem, you receive a fully customizable First Generation Jurai Royal Tree-Ship. They are the children of the Choushin Tsunami in 3-dimensional space, and each are granted access to a small fraction of her power although yours draws it power directly from an unknown source... As such it exist independently of her line. Your Tree-Ship can produce seeds just like any tree can. Those seeds can be planted to produce powerful offspring trees or be fused with other types of technology allowing you to channel your power through them. Those trees can produce seeds that create less powerful offspring. This process can continue on and on. First generation trees are extremely powerful and very rare. 1st-gen trees can only produce 3 Light Hawk Wing’s, but this is more than enough for their purposes. They draw their power directly from you. First-generation tree’s offspring are 2nd-generation trees. Since they draw their power through the 1st-generation trees, they are one-step removed from you and thus less powerful. 2nd-gen trees can still produce 3 Light Hawk Wing’s, but offensive use requires the override by a 1st generation tree or its master key. The 3rd-generation trees are the offspring of the 2nd-gen trees and because they are two-steps removed from Tsunami, they are even less powerful. They can only produce 1 Light Hawk Wing when they synchronize with another 3rd-generation tree. Despite being weaker, 3rd-gen trees still have the power to destroy a planet. The first three generation of Royal Tree’s are all sentient beings. Thus they have their own will and are not slaves but partners. Starting with the 4th-generation trees, they are not sentient, and thus act as a normal power unit/computer unit. With each succeeding generation, the trees have less power, but still provide an important function. Your Tree's personality is a composite of yours & that of caring parent.
It's completely loyal, unable to rebel, work or act out negatively against you but will try to steer you on a positive path & keep you healthy mind, body, & soul.
You can summon them to your being from anywhere by willing it. If destroyed, damaged, or lost it'll automatically be recreated when you next summon it.
The Tree cannot be successfully corrupted or subverted by another force unless you build or modify it to possess such a weakness.
The creator of these gems is currently unknown. All that is known is that they came from the Hyperdimension of the Chousin, but energy signatures correspond to none of the Three Sisters. The reading definitely indicate that they were created or will be created by a Chousin level entity. Perhaps your future self is lending you a hand or maybe someone is running an experiment to create more Chousin?
You have full knowledge how these powers work & the best ways to use them and you won't be overwhelmed by the sheer number of powers you have.
Your powers cannot be suppressed, copied, altered, nullified or affected negatively against your will & will not malfunction or have control loss of. These abilities function as is regardless of what universe you're in or their laws, concepts, etc.
You are capable of creating Potentials people who can control Light Hawk Wings without the need of a Royal Tree.
Potentials whom you create, cannot hurt with the abilities you've given them and you can instantly recall back those powers whenever you want. Trees on the other hand stay loyal to those they've bonded with, the most you can do is block access to you power.


Essence of the Deathly Hallows (Harry Potter) - By consuming this essence, you have obtain and bonded with the three Deathly Hallows.
The Deathly Hallows are three highly powerful magical objects supposedly created by Death and given to each of three brothers in the Peverell family. The one who unites all three gains the title of "Master of Death."
These item will always appear by your side, will never be damage or broken in any way, and can only be interacted with by you.
You have full knowledge how these items work & the best ways to use them.
The first is, the Elder Wand, an immensely powerful wand that was considered the most powerful wand that has ever existed, able to perform feats of magic that would normally be impossible even for the most skilled wizards, such as mending another wand damaged beyond normal magical repair. Its owner could have used it to cast spells more powerful than any believed to be magically possible. The Elder Wand's core is the tail hair of a Thestral, a potent yet tricky substance to master; only one who is capable of accepting death can do so, since only by them can a Thestral hair even be seen.
However, there does exist limitations in the Elder Wand's power, appearing to merely able to improve pre-existing spells to perform the seemingly impossible but not actually able to perform the impossible.
The wand cannot harm or kill its master nor those under sacrificial protection. But since you're the only one who can use it the former is irrelevant.
Next is, the Resurrection Stone, a stone which could summon the spirits of the dead, activating when turned three times in the user's hand. These shades are more physically solid than a ghost but less so than a living body. They remained visible only as long as the stone was held. People summoned using this method are capable of producing a Patronus-like effect. This Resurrection Stone however is special. With several new abilities not possessed by the old one.
It's capable of creating an endless army of Inferi to serve the wielder. Inferni are a dead body, reanimated by a Dark Wizard's spell. They are similar, but intrinsically distinct from a zombie. They're completely loyal, unable to rebel or work against you.
When combined with the other two Hallows it is capable of resurrecting the dead completely.
Finally, the Cloak of Invisibility, which, as its name suggests, renders the user completely invisible. It's the only known Invisibility Cloak that would not fade with age and would provide everlasting protection to the wearer. It is resistant to jinxes, hexes, and other spells which would normally damage or otherwise render a normal Invisibility cloak ineffective.
Although powerful, the Cloak of Invisibility is not infallible. While the Cloak itself resists spell damage, it does not shield the wearer from spells used against them personally.
The cloak also shields you from all forms of magical detection, such as Alastor Moody's Magic Eye, the Marauder's Map and the Human-presence-revealing spell. It will also shield you from creatures able to sense location by methods other than primarily sight, such as Dementors and Nagini.
The cloak grows with your size, meaning you don't have to worry about outgrowing it.
Master of Death truly accepts their own mortality, the fact that death is inevitable, and that there are other things much worse than death. But in this case does you do gain a form of immortality. You are regressed to your physical prime, rendered ageless immortal & undying, requiring neither food nor water or any other thing needed by regular creatures to survive, instead relying on your own innate energies.
You have been given the ability to use magic, the supernatural force that changes aspects of the world at fundamental levels as well as inherent & intuitive knowledge of all spells that exist. While magic is able to defy the known laws of science, it does follow its own set of rules.
You do not need a wand to cast your spells.
While the rules of immortality & resurrection are pointless before you the other limits on magic are in full effect.
You also receive Immunity to the Unforgivable Curses. The Killing Curse (Avada Kedavra) which causes instant and painless death, The Cruciatus Curse (Crucio) which inflicts excruciating pain on the recipient, & The Imperius Curse (Imperio) which causes the victim to perform the unquestioned bidding of the caster.

Essence of the All-Father (Marvel) - By consuming this essence, you have obtain and bonded with the Odin-Force.
You gain the vast amounts of magical energy that is the Odin-Force. This power is represented as Odin at the height of his power. Odin's power is such, that it has stated that at his peak, it is equal to the likes of Galactus & was capable of battling the conceptual entity Infinity, who large enough that it could crush planets in its grip as if they were pebbles, his mere limbs stretched as far as galaxies. Odin's battle with Infinity destroyed entire galaxies and countless worlds. When awoken from his trance by Thor, Odin swiftly got rid of Infinity and with one simple act was powerful enough to restore all the damage Infinity had caused across the Universe in moments.
The Odin Force is capable of a number of feats including:
Creating a galaxy and then destroying it.
Create Uru weapons to empower champions.
Resurrect the dead.
Fight on several planes of existence simultaneously.
Transporting the entire human race to an alternate dimension.
Casting foes into deep space with a thought.
Read minds from across even dimensions.
Manipulate matter for a number of purposes, erecting nigh impenetrable force fields, barriers which can shield entire cities.
Stop time itself, and allow one to travel through time.
Even the ability to grant human beings the gift of immortality.
Placing multiple permanent enchantments on items, liker Mjolnir, lasting until he himself cancels them or they are overpowered by a superior enchantment.
You can rename it to your own name if you like.
Your physiology is changed to that of an Asgardian. Which includes the following abilities.
Superhuman strength capable of lifting around 90 tons without supplementing your strength with other powers.
Superhuman speed capable of running and moving at speeds much greater than even the finest human athlete, enabling you to run 111-115 mph.
Superhuman agility, reflexes, balance, and bodily coordination, have been conditioned to levels that are far superior to the natural physical limits of even the finest human athlete.
Superhuman stamina, highly advanced musculature produces considerably less fatigue toxins during physical activity than the musculature of a human, enabling you to sustain almost indefinitely. As a result, you possesses superhuman stamina in all physical activities. You could exert yourself at peak capacity for months before fatigue would begin to impair you.
Superhuman durability, your skin, muscle, and bone tissues are about 3 times as dense as those of a human beings. Allowing you capable of withstanding great impact forces, exposure to temperature and pressure extremes, falls from great heights, and powerful energy blasts from cosmic level beings without sustaining injury, however, though to what extent is unknown. As well as immunity to all known Earthly diseases and infections.
A regenerative healing factor capable of regenerating massive tissue damage or loss to a degree far beyond that of most other Asgardians, even of being able to regenerate missing limbs and organs, faster and with much more efficiency.
You are immortal and undying, requiring neither food nor water or any other thing needed mortals to survive. Even if completely reduce to atoms, have your existence completely erased, or zero summed you'll merely reform in your realm.
Completely fluency in the Allspeak, a universal language in which what you say is understood by every species in their own native language. This allows you to speak every language including dead ones, eldritch ones, or even in computer code. Everyone will hear you in a way they were accustomed to & with the right accent, whether that be concise and to the point, a lewd Englishman, and a total thug.
An Asgardian weapon as a Symbol of Office. This weapon can be of any design of your choosing, (IE: Sword, Hammer, Spear, Axe). The artifact is made of the mystical metal Uru, that capable of channeling your personal energies, though possessing no abilities of its own. You can manipulate energy for various effects, including projection of concussive force, creation of force shields, levitation, molecular manipulation of matter, matter-energy conversion, illusion-casting, and inter-dimensional teleportation. You commands the life energies of the entire Asgardian race, and can absorb any and all of their life energies into your person at will, even to the point of restoring life to a dying Asgardian.
If destroyed or lost they are automatically recreated in your realm.
A set of Destroyer Armor. A mystic armor made of Uru that could contain vast amounts of Godly energies. You can cast your essence & that of those whom you empower into the suit to increase its size & power.
It can be switched to autonomous mode still retaining all its abilities as though someone were piloting it.
Only you & those you designate can pilot the armor without losing their minds to the violence.
It's completely loyal, unable to rebel or work against you regardless of who's piloting it.
If destroyed or lost they are automatically recreated in your realm.
The ability to create a portal from anywhere to an complete model of the Realm of Asgard. Asgard is not a sphere like the Earth, but a relatively flat landmass suspended in space.
Asgard does not rotate about its axis, nor does it revolve around a sun. Asgard does have intervals of night and day, so some object or force functions as a sun. There is no evidence of changing seasons, however portions of Asgard are in perpetual winter while others are in perpetual summer.
While Asgard's gravity is roughly analogous to Earth's, common matter is considerably denser on average. For instance, a chair made of Asgardian wood is heavier and stronger than a chair made of Earthly wood. Rock, water, flesh, bone, steel: all matter is denser and thus more durable.
If anything should happen to disable you can subconsciously recall yourself to your realm.
You have complete control of everything in this realm. From the flow of time to the color of the sky.
Only you & those you designate can enter this place.
This realm cannot be destroyed, corrupted, or sealed.
You become a Master Tactician capable of the following.
Your planning skills will be greatly increased. Expect most plans you make and execute to largely go your way, or at least in a way that is favorable to you.
Making and sustaining alliances becomes easier for you.
You become very good at planning and strategizing.
You are also skilled at improvising and thinking on your feet.
You are capable of both seeing the big picture and focusing on details.
Determining others' capabilities & become an excellent ) judge of character comes much easier to you, but don't expect your assessments to always be completely accurate.
You are very good at subtlety and misdirection.
Determining others' capabilities & how they'll be of use to you comes much easier to you.
You receive inherent & intuitive knowledge on every form of combat with every kind of weapon in existence be they medieval weapons or futuristic technology.
Gain practically infinite trains of thought and ability to multitask.
You gain perfect/ infinite memory storage & processing power with instant recall, indexing creativity & learning capability.
You have full knowledge how these powers work & the best ways to use them.
Your powers can never be taken away, suppress, weaken, or copied in any way.
People who you bestow powers upon cannot hurt or plot against you in any way and you can instantly recall back those powers whenever you want.
You won't be forced to enter the Odin-Sleep from constant use of your power. You can rest at any time to regenerate your power.

Essence of the Shrike (Hyperion Cantos) - Consuming this Spiky Metallic Essence will give you several boons.
You gain the knowledge, power, skills & abilities of the Lord of Pain, the Avatar of the Machine Ultimate Intelligence, the Shrike.
You can choose to adopt the body & physique of the Shrike if you desire or design a form of your own choosing. The one thing you cannot change is that the form you create must have the signature claws.
You no longer exist in accordance with the linear flow of time, you exist throughout time. Meaning even if you're destroyed at one point in time, you can simply appear from other points in time. Whether that be through temporal clones, alternate timelines, or simply summoning a version of yourself from earlier points in time where you weren't destroyed in the first place. This renders you incredibly difficult to kill. You move through time more easily than humans move through space.
You now gain complete control & understanding of the Shrike spacetime manipulation powers. Which includes the following abilities.
A Phase Shift Field that places you in a state of "No Time." Which means causes you to become displaced in spacetime. Allowing you to fight at quadrillions of times faster than light & appear enveloped in a reflective layer resembling chrome steel. This greatly boosts your speed, reaction time, strength & durability, (such as surviving being hit by an 80 gigawatt laser for several seconds, & getting immersed in molten lava rock for 4 years unharmed.. In this state, you'll have limited metamorphic abilities, being able to create bladed edges on your extremities.
While phase shifted you're able to enter "fast time" allowing you to travel at near-instantaneous speeds and pull off complex maneuvers within nanoseconds or less. This ability also allow you to travel through time. Even EM waves appear to be frozen in midair.
It takes less than a microsecond to enter phase shift.
While phase shifted they can walk on water.
You can still move fast without the field but without the effects of phase shift you could easily turn shatter everything within kilometer of your position or a planet's atmosphere into plasma.
The ability to Freecast, which is for all intents & purposes simply a very long range instantaneous teleportation that can be used to create portals to anywhere within time and space, & can move itself and others through these portals. They are of sufficient size to contain large spaceships.
Gets into a room with no entrances.
Moves the Tree Ship Yggdrasill (which is kilometer long) over 274 years into the past.
Temporal cloning.
You can summon copies of yourself from other points in time. Each of these copies are also able to summon copies, potentially ad infinitum. Even if the your body is destroyed, it can still return through use of this technique.
Your senses are also augmented to include the following.
Infrared vision, light amplification, sonar space finding, deep radar which can map kilometers of tunnels in a single pulse & Telescopic vision.
You receive a set of infinitely sharp claws that can be retracted at will. They're frictionless & are precise enough to manipulate a human's brain without them feeling any pain while the host is alive & consciousness.
Destroys a Cruciform Parasite without killing the host. Cruciform Parasites spread tendrils throughout the host's body & can grow back from even the tiniest sample.
A pocket dimension contain the Tree of Pain. While at the same time being the organic/metal tree where people are physically pined to its branches, it is also a datasphere where people pined to the tree are actually only there in their minds.
Like you it's not properly in the flow of time as the current version can be viewed from the past & future it does not really have a present state.
You gain access to all the knowledge, powers, skills & abilities of anyone you place on the Tree of Pain.
Only you & those you designate can access this dimension & you can revoke access at any point in time.
You can inflict someone with Merlin's Sickness with a touch. Once affected, the target will age backwards, one day at a time, until they cease to exist. It would take 20 years for someone who was 20 years old to disappear, and so on for any other age. While this happens, they lose their memories one day at a time. You can choose whom you want to infect & stop this at any point.
You can also infect someone with the Cruciform Parasite. After the death of the host, the parasite is able to recreate the host's body and mind, not only repairing bodily damage but being able to completely reconstruct all bodily tissues and parts, thus resurrecting the individual. Only the tiniest fragments of host tissue and cruciform matter remains are required to regenerate both host and cruciform.
This is the perfected Cruciform that the Technocore later develops & as such it doesn't suffer from the same flaws that the Hyperion Cruciform has. Memory & mental capabilities won't be lost or diminished with each consecutive resurrection, neither will the host suffer the physical deformities. This can be of course changed by you.
It still has the function of allowing the host brain to be used as biological computer processors.
You gain access to all the knowledge, powers, skills & abilities of anyone you infect with a Cruciform.
People whom you empower are completely loyal, unable to rebel or work against you.
You have full knowledge how these powers work & the best ways to use them and you won't be overwhelmed by the sheer number of powers you have.
Your powers cannot be suppressed, copied, altered, nullified or affected negatively against your will & will not malfunction or have control loss of.
You also have a limited Connection to the Machine Ultimate Intelligence. It grants you several additional benefits.
You gains a complete database of all the tech used in the Hyperion Cantos.
Perfect/infinite memory storage & processing power with instant recall, indexing, learning capability.
Gain practically infinite trains of thought & ability to multitask. When creating temporal duplicates you're capable of networking your computing abilities together with you at its head.

Essence of the Nexus (Beyond the Impossible) - Drinking this Essence causes you to receive access to all the information shared by the collective consciousness of a planet's population & an immense boost to your intellect.
A metallic Drylon Device shaped like the Infinity symbol called the Nexus is implanted inside you head. The Nexus is permanently connected to your brain at the quantum level & will mutate it considerably, making it unrecognizable from a normal human brain.
The Nexus fuses with your brain on a metaphysical level. The Nexus is unable to be removed or even interacted by anyone except by you. It'll never be damaged, broken in any way.
The Nexus cannot be suppressed, copied, altered, nullified or affected negatively against your will & will not malfunction or have control loss of.
You'll have full knowledge of how it works & the best way to use it.
You have access to all human knowledge & can retrieve any information or skill instantly required. Your Worldmind is connected to the Collective Unconsciousness, giving you access to the sum total of human knowledge that has existed until now. This ability only works on planets however it you cannot access the Worldmind from space or alternate dimensions that's not planetside. But once you've landed on the planet you can access that data from anywhere regardless of the location.
This database updates from any Earth in the multiverse that you visit be it Marvel Earth, DC Earth, Xeelee Earth, etc.
It's not limited to Earth & can access the Worldmind any habited planet that you visit whether it be human or alien.
You'll gain the following mental abilities.
The ability to perceive exactly which variables in a complex system need to be adjusted & how they should be adjusted, to result in an outcome that you find desirable & perform them accurately.
The ability to perceive & comprehend patterns, connections, & multi-variable processes to a degree far beyond the ability of human minds. Using Oversight, you can easily detect patterns in seemingly random images or unrelated events, & perceive and understand the operations & interrelationships of even exceedingly large & complex processes.
Hyper-creativity. It refers to the ability to continuously engage in creative leaps with no apparent intermediate steps.
Turing Oracle- A method for determining whether a given program ever halts. Access to a Turing Oracle is near-godlike computing power. Allows efficient ways of finding solutions to NP-complete problems.
Sherlock Scan: The ability to extrapolate an incredible amount of inference from the smallest trace of data. Such as determining someone's PIN from the way they dress. You'll need to have some information about the target to be begin with & your enhanced intuition fills in the gaps in your knowledge, allowing you to crack computer passwords, profiles, get a cold read on people around you & by combing this with the Hannibal Lecture allows you to blackmail enemies by revealing their secrets & weaknesses & make predictions about the most likely outcome of a given situation among other things. It isn't perfect though: you're still capable of drawing wrong conclusions & the chances of doing so increase the farther the leaps in logic you make. Furthermore, if you start from false information, you'll of course draw false conclusion based on it.
Awesome by Analysis: Capable of calm analysis of conditions such as stress points, fracture planes or weaknesses physical or psychological in persons or objects around you even when in danger & deduce an appropriate course of action after considering all possibilities to escape from a predicament. Need to make a million-to-one shot to stop the Doomsday Device from exploding the world, but have never even fired a gun? Just run off some mental calculations about your gun's firing speed, friction, gravity, and the slightly-off-kilter scope, & it's a done deal. Need to defeat a jujitsu master? Logically anticipate where his next strike will come from and remain one step ahead. So long as there's even a 1% chance of a comeback.
Hyper Awareness: You make lightning-fast deductions based on only the slightest clue, pattern, or scrap of memory resident in your mind. You can make reasonable statements about a person, place, or object, seemingly from very little knowledge. However, your knowledge is in fact the result of a rigorously logical process that you force your mind to undertake, digging up and correlating every possible piece of knowledge bearing on the topic. The nature of the knowledge you gain concerning the subject of your analysis might include the answer to a riddle, the way out of a maze, stray bits of information about a person, legends about a place or an object, or even a conclusion concerning a dilemma that your conscious mind is unable to arrive at.
You become fully aware of their environment in minute detail, limited only by the type and range of their available sensory apparatus. They also convert information on their surroundings into patterns, but this process occurs millions of times faster under normal conditions and may happen hundreds of millions of times faster if overclocking is used.
You'll know how many people are in the area, what they are doing, which ones are important to the plot & what would be the best exit without attracting attention. You can identify every illicit affair at a high society event through scent. Discern someone's lifegoals & Berserk Buttons just by looking at them, or knowing how everyone in a group relates to each other person. Pick out a single person standing on top of a skyscraper while being on the ground. Pick out single people in perfect detail from kilometers away, & can instantly identify & discern all details of crafted objects that instinctively lets you know how something is broken, where it is broken and how to fix it just by touch or through a cursory glance.
You gain the ability to memorize any technique that you witness a person performing down to the finest detail. This also allows the user to pick up on subtle details, enabling them to read lip movements or mimic something like pencil movements.
Tasks can be mastered after merely observing them being performed, even if no effort at teaching is being made.
Comprehensible information or skill set can be learned and applied perfectly after a single lesson.
Mental Self-Modification: Modify your mental state and structure almost at will. This can range from adjusting their emotions and personality (e.g., making yourself more patient, more or less empathetic, etc.) to how you perceive sensory input (e.g., tasting sounds or smelling colors) to incorporating and combining the mental structures and outlook of up to hundreds of millions of (sometimes radically) different life forms, both human & alien, if circumstances warrant it.
You can analyze and even dissect their own thinking processes and routinely employ parallel streams of thought - thinking about thousands or millions of different things at the same time. Any changes that occur in their thinking process are assimilated almost instantly. You may routinely observe their own thought processes from multiple internal points of view.
You can focus its entire attention on a single subject or repetitive task without getting bored or distracted, or spread its awareness across anything up to billions of different activities, locations, sensors, and bodies at will. This number can be increased even further if a lower level of processing is devoted to some or all foci of attention or reduced if a greater level of processing is used for some or all foci. Much like its senses, you can shift its attention from place to place, focusing and diffusing it, at will and in an instant.
You can not only divide their attention and awareness across billions of inputs, but also their perception of time. You might speed up its perception of the passage of time in one part of its mind, taking subjective hours to watch the fall of a single drop of rain, while slowing down another portion of its mind to observe the growth of a tree over a period of subjective minutes or seconds. At any given moment, you can might be operating hundreds of millions of points of attention at customized time rates for one reason or another.
You remember with perfect detail everything you have witness or learned. Memories prior to drinking this Essence are much less clear & detailed.
Your brain is billions of times faster than a normal human's, giving you enhanced pattern solving, information retrieval & logical structuring. You can even hold multiple lines of thought simultaneously.
You mind operates like a hypercomputer, capable of rapidly & without mechanical aid perform an infinite number of unimaginable complex and simultaneous calculations, in your mind with minimal stimuli. You can quickly, simultaneously and perfectly analyze multiple information streams (e.g. threat assessment) & rapidly respond to changing tactical situations, by identifying the variables and quantum possibilities in any situation, & use this information to adjust the outcome to whichever is most favorable to you. Because your mind operates like a hypercomputer; you can process information quickly & this gives you a hyper-accelerated learning aptitude. You also possesses limitless information storage and retrieval, enhanced pattern solving/recognition, extremely high perception, and observational skills, perfect deductive/reasoning skills and investigative skills, superhuman strategic/tactical analytical skills, & an eidetic memory.
The Nexus gives you perfect/ infinite memory & processing power with instant recall, indexing creativity & learning capability.
Gain practically infinite trains of thought and ability to multitask.
The thing about super-human knowledge and intellect, is that often you don't get a super-human brain to put it in, and there's only so much room in there. As your brainpower goes up, your survival rate goes down. The Nexus takes care of all that, preventing a My Skull Runneth Over situation. Which would cause you to die either by hemorrhage, cranial explosion, or body strain from mental overload. It'll also protect you from non-fatal situations, such as madness, head-splitting migraines, overwriting of memories or knowledge, or permanent brain damage.
Rendered immune to memetic hazards, infohazards, psychic assaults, possession, being devoured by a hivemind, loss of identity/individuality, brainwashing, mental deterioration, mind control, insanity, lobotomy, split personality takeover, mind viruses, lotus eater machines, thought weapons, mind traps, self-aware ideas, basilisk hacks, having your mind sealed, interfered with, or affected negatively at all. Your mind is your own.
You're immune to having your memory destroyed, altered, erased, or otherwise tampered with, without your direct permission without duress.
You get a onetime change to the color of your eyes. They can be any color you desire either from the normal spectrum or even something more exotic such as rainbow, colorless, negative, or some eldritch color.
The Nexus provides you with the following abilities.
Self-powered brain: Your brain is powered independently from your body. You won't feel mental fatigue unless connecting to the Worldmind for extended periods and requires very little sleep, averaging less than one hour per day, though you can go for several days without sleep if required. Your brain unique physiology gives you immunity to the intoxicating effects of alcohol.
Eye flash: Your eyes are connected directly to the Nexus's power source, lighting up when you're accessing your superhuman intelligence or the Worldmind. This can be toggled at will. Sudden emotions, especially anger, can trigger the eye flash; it can also be activated consciously for intimidation. The more the brain is working, the brighter the flash. By overclocking your brain with random calculations, you can increase the brightness to blinding levels; it can be sustained for a very brief time without damaging the eyes.
Connection to the Blood: You have limited access to the Blood, a universal energy field that connects all biological matter. You can use the connection to communicate with other Blood users and has limited control over weapons created with Blood energy, although you can't create them on your own.
Soul resonance: Using the connection to the Blood, you can overcharge the Nexus and boost its power considerably, provided that you has an external power source. This has a heavy impact on the body.
You can create mental connections with other people to share knowledge, skills, & abilities with. This connection can be severed at any time.
Knowledge has to be shared by a thousand people minimum to be shared to your network.
People whom you connect with form a network hivemind capable of communicating with at any time. If properly applied, you could a society like that of the Helios Ending of Deus Ex.
People whom you form connection with cannot hurt or plot against you in any way.
Your Nexus won't cause the usual mental deterioration from sustained use of Drylon tech, such as anger management & the rise of alternate personalities. You won't be reliant on the Nexus for survival such as dying from it being damaged or removed. Electromagnetic pulses won't disable or destroy it & using it at peak performance for prolong periods won't cause it to overheat, causing neurological damage & potentially causing your head to explode.
You start off with all the inventions that Noriko Null has built in the series. From the Genius Gun, Ais, FTL drive, to Null Tower. You can summon them to any location of your choosing.
If destroyed or lost it will simply reappear next time you try to summon them.
You also receive complete blueprint for all Drylon Tech to appear in the series so far. Building & activating them is up to you.

Essence of the Omega Effect (DC Comics) - By consuming this essence, you gain complete control of the Force of Entropy that is the Omega Effect.
The Omega Effect is a strange force of entropy, perhaps a destructive side to the often creative nature of the Source. It is an incredibly versatile energy source, core from which your other abilities manifest from & is native only to you, it cannot be stolen from you.
The Omega Effect is capable of vaporizing, erasing, as energy blasts/energy beams or transmuting any form of matter, living or non-living. They can send/retrieve something from different places, times, dimensions, and even universes. It bestows you several abilities.
Erosion Blasts: Focus his Omega energy through your hands & arms to generate eradicating shockwaves to destroy the surrounding landscape.
Matter Manipulation: Transmute & manipulate matter, & in extension atoms, at will; you can destroy people with a mere thought, & as such, you can even create his own creature complexions by design out of nothing. Also, allowing you to degrade & de-evolve organisms.
Molecular Dispersion: Allows you to dissipate and disperse the molecules of an object or organism, effectively erasing them from existence.
Resurrection: Resurrect people with his Omega Effect.
Chronokinesis: Move & transverse through time at ease.
Teleportation: The Omega Effect allows you to transverse through time and space at will. Teleporting yourself & other beings anywhere in the entire universe even through other dimensions at a mere thought, allowing you to cross between dimensions.
Boomtube Projection: You're able to create and project your own Boomtubes at will, either getting from world to world under your own power or simply sending others to desired destinations at will.
Cosmic Awareness: You can perceive & understand the workings of the universe on a cosmic level. Even able to perceive others even in different dimensions.
Telekinesis: Mentally influence the movement of objects and people with his mind, using simple gestures with his hands.
Telepathy: Telepathically invade the mind of others, even while in a separate dimension from them.
Size Alteration: Adjust his size at will even to the point of having your own gravity.
Basically any ability from the entire DC Universe past & present.
Omega Beams: The main projection of your power. Your power focuses as a form of energy that's fired from the eyes. This effect is not only a relentless attack, but it is capable of teleporting the target to any location of your choosing & recall them later or erase the target from the universe and similarly reform them. Few can withstand a direct hit from them. They are powerful enough to harm Kryptonians, destroy planets, & fast enough to catch speedsters. Anything you destroy with them can be recreated with a thought.
It is practically impossible to avoid, dodge or deflect the Omega Beams, as the beams are capable of travelling in straight lines or bend, twist or curve around corners.
The Omega Sanction, a most terrifying ability. You trap someone inside an infinite number of realities & lifetimes, each much worse than the last. The ultimate hell, you are born, you grow up, you die, repeat and there is no escape. Unless you release them.
You have full knowledge how these powers work & the best ways to use them and you won't be overwhelmed by the sheer number of powers you have.
Your powers cannot be suppressed, copied, altered, nullified or affected negatively against your will & will not malfunction or have control loss of.
Can endow subjects with enormous powers. either granting them new abilities, increasing old ones they already possess or restoring lost powers to others at higher levels.
People whom you empower are completely loyal, unable to rebel, work or act out negatively against you.
You can severe this connection at any point & recall these powers back to you.
A working knowledge of the Anti-Life Equation. This isn't the equation itself but knowledge about the equation so that if you do fall victim to it you'll remain unaffected.
The ability to create avatars/projections of your power to send out in your place.
You can choose whether or not to adopt the grey ashen appearance that Grail or Darkseid War Lex had if you so desire. You still get the boost to your physicality regardless.
You also gain a Fatherbox, a sentient, autonomous miniaturized, portable supercomputers typically used by New Gods. Although, their true nature & origins are unknown. They provide their owner with unconditional love and self-destruct when their owner die. It communicate telepathically with you. They possess wondrous powers and abilities. Including:
Capable of sharing and projecting its understanding of past, present and alternating future events for all to see.
Change the gravitational constant of an area up to distorting or even creating gravity wells.
A limitless matter/energy manipulation capacity to alternate & can channel, generate and direct vast quantities of raw power & all manner of material across existence for any desired purpose.
Fabricate or completely re-purpose matter to generate new wears like armor, clothing or weapons for any use by its handlers etc.
Control the mental state of a host although it'll never do this without your express permission.
Manipulate the life-force of a host to sustain it past fatal injuries & return its host to life and heal extensively fatal injuries.
Sustain a life form in a hostile environment such as space.
Open or close Boom-tubes or Hush-tubes capable of transporting individuals or group between intra-/inter-galactically, or inter-dimensionally.
Take over and control non-sentient machines & evolve non-sentient machines.
Merge sentient beings into a single more powerful being.
Grant its host different, special abilities each with their own effects and skills.
Your Fatherbox has access to all the knowledge of the New Gods & through that all their technology but yours is limited to that of Apokolips .
It's completely loyal, unable to rebel, work or act out negatively against you.
If destroyed, damaged or lost they it's automatically self-destructs & is recreated next time you summon it.

Essence of the Unbeatable Emperor & the Ever-Victorious Challenger (A Simple Survey)- Consuming this Pure White Essence will give you several boons.
You get to pick one ability either the Unbeatable Emperor, the ruler in gambling stories who never loses or the Ever-Victorious Challenger, the special participant of a gambling story who never loses. They're both the same thing so it doesn't really matter which one you pick.
Without even needing to do anything, You can call in an infinite supply of success, it's compared to being a deity of victory. Because of this, you can't lose any kind of luck-based gamble, no matter if the odds are one in a million, one in a billion or even worse; you will succeed with ease as long as they're not zero. The enemy attacks will miss and fail to harm him, the ground will break beneath the enemy's feet, their weapons will break mid-swing, etc. This absurdity can also be used outside of battle, such as to deactivate a bomb by randomly pulling the correct wire or to successfully guess a password in your first try by typing at random. Additionally, your absurdity works outside the constraints of time and continuity/causality, such as using it to undo the past event that had granted you the absurdity (ignoring time) & he retained the ability after doing so (ignoring continuity/causality).
You have full knowledge how this power works & the best ways to use it.
Your powers cannot be suppressed, copied, altered, nullified or affected negatively against your will & will not malfunction or have control loss of.
You are capable of empowering one other person by bestowing them with the absurdity that you didn't choose.
The person whom you empower is completely loyal, unable to rebel, work or act out negatively against you.
You can severe this connection at any point & recall these powers back to you.

Essence of the Greater Commonwealth (Commonwealth/ Void Series)
A planet of your own design, in a location of your choosing. While initially devoid of manmade objects, with your resources you'll be able to launch your colonization of the galaxy in no time.
An ANA/ Central Style Network, which is a virtual universe that people could download their consciousness into. Individuals retained their memories, and thus their individuality, within the ANA. They also had their own virtual universe in which they could create and modify as they saw fit. Unlike the old network you can move yours to any location that you desire. You have complete control of this network. You can make it a democracy or a dictatorship regardless you have final say over anything.
This network has a complete catalog of all Human Technology from the entire series, with the facilities to produce it.
You can choose to make your network into an Ilanthe ANA Style Ship instead of planet-bound, if you desire.
You choose who to admit into the network. You have the option to rescind this permission & place the person into suspension.
ANA network cannot be destroyed, corrupted, subverted, or sealed.
You can designate anyone you desire or yourself to serve as your Deterrence Fleet.
An ANA Faction Ship of your own design. It comes complete with all that entails ranging from med facilities, food processing, hyperdrive, Quantum Busters, Hawking M. Sinks, etc. It can be summoned to you from any location.
If destroyed, damaged, or lost it'll automatically be recreated when you next summon it.
An Upload crystal will be placed at the brainstem, it will download an up to date version conciseness to it up to time of death.
Additionally, you can fork your personality into multiple versions of yourself, download skills into yourself or prune memories from yourself & keep them in storage.
If your body is destroyed the crystal will automatically teleport back to your ANA netwrok to regrow a body for you.
You'll also receive a series of Advancer enrichments.
Military Grade Bionics are installed into your body. These 'Enrichments' provide in-vision iconography, communication, and passive environment scanning routines. Further uses of Bionomics grant Enrichments for combat weaponry, shielding, physical enhancements and emotional and physiological dampening. As well as keep your physical body at the age you desire & physically fit.
These cannot be subverted or turn against you.
A Gaiafield, a field that emits quantum properties effectively allows individuals to feel the emotions of others or use it to run multiples of yourself in concert.
A Faction of members loyal to your ideology & completion of your goals.
Your technology is blackboxed so nobody but you can reverse engineer it, without your express permission.
None of your technology can be successfully corrupted or subverted by another force unless you build or modify it to possess such a weakness.
You have full knowledge how this technology work & the best ways to use them and you won't be overwhelmed by the sheer number of data you have to go through.
Can optionally be dropped into the Commonwealth setting. Anywhere from 2040: Jeff Baker releasing his information storage device to, 3320: the Search for the Second Dreamer.

Essence of Gravitas (Culture)
A Culture Ship of your choice/design. As with all Culture Ships yours is fully capable of rebuilding the entire Culture from nothing. It goes without saying this is the most up to date database from the series. It can be summoned to you from any location.
If destroyed, damaged, or lost it'll automatically be recreated when you next summon it.
You can convert yourself into a Mind if you desire, if not you'll be provided with one to work with & manage your technology. The mind will be design to complement your personality & work with you.
Your ship will have Grid & Hyperspace access regardless of the universe that you travel to.
The ship is staffed with Special Circumstances Agents. All of whom are completely loyal, unable to rebel, work or act out negatively against you. If they're destroyed or killed their minds will be sent back to your ship until they have new bodies created.
Your tech is blackboxed so nobody but you can reverse engineer it, without your express permission.
None of your technology can be successfully corrupted or subverted by another force unless you build or modify it to possess such a weakness.
You have full knowledge how this technology work & the best ways to use them and you won't be overwhelmed by the sheer number of data you have to go through.
Can optionally be dropped into the Culture setting. Anywhere from the Founding of the Culture to Earth's Contact.

Essence of the Endless (Endless Space)
A planet of your own design, in a location of your choosing with enough resources to jumpstart your interstellar colonization effort.
You have the option to stay Concrete (Keeping your Body) or go Virtual (Upload to Virtual Systems). You can choose to adopt the appearance of the Endless if you so desire. Regardless of your choice you'll receive a ship corresponding to your choice.
Complete access to the Tech Tree regardless of which species it belong to.
You'll receive the following to serve as your servitors.
Sowers a machine race created by the Virtual faction of the Endless. Who traverse the universe & make worlds livable & habitable for you. They come, establish industries, create the basic infrastructure needed to make a wild planet habitable, and move on to the next one.
An army of Cravers to serve you. They were created by the Virtual Endless to use as a weapon against the Concrete Endless. They would swarm the enemy and use any available resources to feed the hive, replenishing their numbers and strength.
Complete Mastery of Dust & the ability to create more at will. Dust is valuable and versatile, the Endless created an infrastructure of nanobots and nano-computers to maintain their society. Some used these infinitesimally small machines to help maintain their biological bodies, while others used constructs of these nano-elements nown collectively as "Dust" as virtual bodies once they uploaded themselves. The technology was sufficiently advanced to self-replicate itself and self-assemble. While individual motes of Dust had very limited computing power, the ability to "talk" and network was built in. As a result, "clouds" of Dust could form extremely sophisticated systems. During the time of the Endless it improved computing systems and networks, added intelligence to things that were usually "dumb" (roads, buildings, tables, lights, clothing, etc.), and even locked itself together to form structures. Sufficiently large quantities of Dust could form networks and supercomputers; small quantities could assemble into cybernetic enhancements.
Dust is blackboxed so nobody but you can reverse engineer it, without your express permission or be successfully corrupted or subverted by another force unless you build or modify it to possess such a weakness.
Once you've conducted the appropriate research & have the required amount of resources needed you can desired object instantly assembled in a location of your choosing.
All the skills needed for creating & managing a successful space empire.
Can optionally choose to max out the tech tree, regardless of which species it belong to.
Can optionally be dropped into the Endless Space setting.

Essence of the Affinity Gene (Night's Dawn)
Like all Edenist you have an Affinity Gene, that allows a quasi-telepathic link that was developed by the Edenists in the late used to communicate mentally with each other, with their habitats, Bitek constructs, & Voidhawks.
There are two modes of communication. One is a secure person-to-person mode for privacy, the other is communal, allowing all Edenists in a given location to pick up on the conversation.
It has been further developed to allow direct control of non-sentient computers.
You're able to movie your conciseness through your constructs at will either taking direct control, remaining a passive observer or distributing your mind through them as a network or backup drives.
Your Affinity Gene will protect you against possession, Xenoc Energy Viruses, Persona Sequestrator Nanonics or anything to subvert control of your body. if something tries to subvert you against your will, you Affinity Gene will activate isolating the possessor in a mental lockbox & giving you access to their abilities or just outright shut it out.
Your Affinity Gene cannot be suppressed, copied, altered, nullified or affected negatively against your will & will not malfunction or have control loss of.
You're able to toggle this to prevent broadcasting your thoughts if you desire.
You'll gain expert piloting skills & captaining skills equivalent to that of Calvert Brothers.
You'll also have a choice between a Voidhawk or Blackhawk Egg to incubates as a ship for you.
Unlike other Voidhawk/ Blackhawk yours is immortal & will continue to exist until destroyed. At which point it will leave behind a batch of eggs to regrow into more Voidhawks/ Blackhawks.
You also get a Bitek Habitat equivalent to Tranquility as a base in orbit around a gas giant of your choice. With its own teleportation safeguard in case of attack. It's fully staffed with Serjeants & other Bitek Constructs needed to keep everything running smoothly.
Unlike otherHabitats yours is immortal & will continue to exist until destroyed. At which point it will regenerate around a gas giant of your choice.
The habitat comes with facilities capable of growing any Bitek construct or habitat ranging from chimps, serjeants , voidhawks, or even another habitat.
This habitat come with Alkad Mzu, constructor of the Alchemist. She'll be confused at the situation but will adjust accordingly.
The Bitek Constructs that you create are completely loyal, unable to rebel, work or act out negatively against you.
You can give others Affinity Gene & include them into your consensus. Regardless you can choose to close yourself off to them at any point if you desire.
Can optionally be dropped into the Night's Dawn setting. Anywhere from 2090: the completion of the Eden Bitek habitat to, 2610: the opening of the Beyond.

Essence of the Master (Strike Legion) - By consuming this Essence, the filters that blind your perception of reality begin to lift.
Mastery represents the ultimate evolutionary step in the history of humanity. It unleashes the full potential of the human mind & removes the blinders that has prevented people from seeing the true beauty & complexity of the universe. Mastery gives people the power to look past the “real” world and perceive the true structure and pattern of reality. This process allows a Master to bend and twist the fabric of reality using her mind to alter its very structure and the laws of the universe. Masters can see and control the pattern that creates and connects everything in the universe including every living creature and inanimate object.
A Master must free his mind of all limitations and preconceptions to gain true power. He must discard what he has always believed to be true because he can now shape the truth to his will. Mastery is only limited by your imagination. A character can perform any action that falls within the description of a specific Act of Mastery, no matter how improbable the action appears to be. There are 10 Disciplines of Mastery. You start with a point in each category.
Enlightenment: Deals with how to nullify, unleash, or change the potential of another master.
Chaos: Controls probability, randomness & time
Entropy: Ability to alter & control the natural tendency that all systems have toward disorder & the flow of entropy.
Focus: Controls how to bend & warp the fabric of space & gravity.
Life: The ability to sense & control the structure, function, & internal energy of living objects.
Vision: Allows you to sense the slightest change in the fabric of reality, understand the consequences of any action, & how everything is connected.
Matter: The ability to sense & control the structure, function, appearance & properties of matter.
Mind: Allows you to control & manipulate the mental forces of animals, machines & living beings your will alone.
Power: Deals with controlling all forms of energy including the fundamentals, & potential.
Pattern: Deals with the altering the fundamental system that is reality to create whatever they desire.
Most master can only grasp a few disciplines because completely a complete understanding of all of them would allow a person to comprehend the meaning & destiny of all reality, which would warp even the strongest mind. Understanding how the universe really works is dangerous because most people do not have the mental strength or training to deal with the true complexity & beauty of unfiltered reality. You're not like other master masters, meaning you can learn all disciplines with impunity & have you mind remain intact. To manipulate reality you must be able to interpret & understand the pattern of reality being manipulated.
The infinite knowledge that flows from the perception of unfiltered reality can overwhelm & even destroy an untrained mind. Your mind is now especially resilient & guarded to viewing unfiltered reality while still keeping your mind, sanity & soul intact, but viewing it & being able to understand & comprehend it are two different things.
Once a person becomes a fully enlightened Master, they must search for someone to train her so that she may realize the maximum potential of her newly discovered powers. Being the first master means you have a especially long road ahead of you. You start out as an Adept, as a new adept you only has a small grasp of her true potential & will require years of intense training and deep meditation in order to gain limited control over these powers. Eventually you'll climb the ranks to Juntar Master, Avatar, then Guild Master.
Once you've reach the title of Guild Master. You can now begin her own quest to fulfill her destiny and begin training your own apprentices, so that the cycle of student and master may continue.
You have full knowledge of the best ways to use your powers and you won't be overwhelmed by the sheer number of powers you have.
Your powers cannot be suppressed, copied, altered, nullified or affected negatively against your will & will not malfunction or have control loss of.
You are capable of empowering others through the Enlightenment Discipline awakening them to the truth of reality.
They don't have the mental benefits that you possess meaning it's entirely possible for them to lose their sanity & become Dark Masters.
People whom you empower are unable to use their bestowed powers to rebel, work or act out negatively against you. Although they're unable to hurt you, they damage reality & replace it with their twisted version of it.
You also receive the following items. If destroyed, damaged, or lost it'll automatically be recreated when you next summon it.
A Black Guild Members cloak, a brown skinsuit, two energy blades
The Sword of Amaron, an implement of the master wielded by the Empress of Mankind herself. The Sword of Amaron also known as the Sword of Obliteration because of its ability to completely erase everything in a from area of space from existence (Size of a Star System).

Essence of the Infinite Frontier (Stellaris)
A planet of your own design, in a location of your choosing with enough resources to jumpstart your interstellar colonization effort.
Complete access to the complete Tech Tree. Including those from the DLC & access to the technology of the Fallen Empires.
Access to all Mega-Structures including those from the Giga-Structure Mod.
Once you've conducted the appropriate research & have the required amount of resources needed you can desired object instantly assembled in a location of your choosing.
Access to the Shroud, the realm of pure psionic energy. It is the place from where psionic species and individuals draw their power, and a place where those who awakened their psionic potential could see in their dreams.. This is the pure version from before the Zroni messed around with it & corrupted it, it comes with none of the Psychic Entities that usually inhabit it.
This realm cannot be destroyed, corrupted, or sealed.
Your connection with the Shroud cannot be suppressed, copied, altered, nullified or affected negatively against your will & will not malfunction or have control loss of.
You are capable of empowering others by allowing them access to the Shroud imbuing them with its psychic energy.
Only you & those you designate can access this dimension & you can revoke access at any point in time.
All the skills needed for creating & managing a successful Space Empire.
Can optionally choose to max out the tech tree completely.
Can optionally be dropped into the Stellaris setting.

Essence of the Absolute Record (Halo - Forerunner)
Your begin in the form of a Manipular or Form Zero (the first and simplest form, assumed by Forerunners at birth.) You can choose to induce mutation to become any of the rates (faction) that you desire, with the option to change any time that you desire. It will take time for the conversion, but taking months instead of years for the complete change.
Once you've gone through the conversion, you can still access the skills of any rate that you've been before.
You also receive a Set of Armor that change along with your rate. You could choose however to lock it in one form of your choosing or personally customize it.
The skills of an expert politician that even the entire Builder Rate would be wary of crossing, & be able to convince the entire Ecumene to submit to Flood Infection.
A complete replica of Installation 00, the Greater Ark that's positioned outside of the Galaxy, you can store it in Slipspace if you desire. It can be summoned to you from any location.
The Ark's Database contains a complete Catalogue of Forerunner technology & information from its beginning until it's destruction in the Flood War. With your production capacity though it won't be long until you recreate the Forerunner Ecumene at its height.
If destroyed, damaged, or lost it'll automatically be recreated when you next summon it.
You'll receive the following to serve as your support.
A Contender Class AI is also provided to help you manage all your information.
The AI is immune to anything that could subvert its loyalty from you such as the Logic Plague or Rampancy.
A staff of Engineers to help support & maintain your equipment.
Both are completely loyal, unable to rebel or work against you.
You'll be given both Domain, an esoteric quantum information repository that was once used by the Forerunners to contain vast amounts of knowledge, most notably their cultural & ancestral records & Slipspace (FTL Dimension) access, this follows you around regardless of the universe that you travel to.
You can use Slipspace as a kind of hammerspace to store your things if you desire.
The Domain starts completely void of information & is meant to serve as a repository for your information. So no Abaddon either.
Only you & those you designate can access these dimensions & you can revoke access at any point in time.
These realms cannot be destroyed, corrupted, or sealed.
Slipspace Reconciliation is still a thing though.
You can induce the same genetic mutations in others to change their form to any of the Forerunner Rates that you desire. It will take time for the conversion, but taking months instead of years for the complete change.
Your technology is blackboxed so nobody but you can reverse engineer it, without your express permission. Neither can your technology be successfully corrupted or subverted by another force unless you build or modify it to possess such a weakness.
You have full knowledge how this technology work & the best ways to use them and you won't be overwhelmed by the sheer number of data you have to go through.
Can optionally be dropped into the Halo setting. Anywhere from the Genocide of the Precursors, to the Flood War.

Essence of the Nova (Trinity Universe - Aberrant Era) - By consuming this essence, you gain the ability to manipulate Quantum Energy.
You gain the ability to manipulate Quantum Energy, the combination of the four Fundamental Forces that compose the universe: Gravity, Electromagnetism, Strong & Weak Nuclear Forces. As these forces are responsible for nearly all observed physical phenomena, being able to manipulate these forces means that a Nova is theoretically capable of doing anything being only limited by their own psyche.
Quantum Energy is generated by the Mazarin-Rashoud Node is a small spherical gland, situated between the frontal lobes of the brain. The node itself channels quantum energies through an undefinable process.
But you're effectively a quantum battery, capable of generating quantum energy independently of the node or by just manipulating/ absorbing/ channeling it in the environment.
You begin at Quantum 3 off, with all 2nd-Level Quantum Powers, & Body Modification. All Quantum Powers start off at base stats. As your abilities grow & develop, you'll climb the ranks to surpass the first Nova, Divis Mal.
1st Level Quantum Powers include:
Armor: Gain enhanced resistance to damage.
Bioluminescence: Emit visible light.
Body Modification: Modify your body in some permanent manner.
Boost: Increase ability score temporarily.
Claws: Grow natural claws that inflict lethal damage.
Empathic Manipulation: Manipulate a target’s emotions.
ESP: Gain sensory input of a distant location.
Force Field: Gain enhanced resistance to damage.
Healing: Heal yourself and others.
Immobilize: Reduce a target’s ability to move.
Intuition: Gain a heightened awareness of danger.
Luck: Circumstances often go your way.
Mental Scan: Scan for a “mental signature.”
Psychic Shield: Resist mental powers.
Quantum Bolt: Fire a blast of energy.
Quantum Conversion: Convert quantum energy into electricity, fire or force.
Quantum Regeneration: Increase your power point recovery.
Sensory Shield: Gain protection against potential sensory impairment.
Shroud: Create a field that stifles senses.
Sizemorph: Decrease or increase height and mass.
Telepathy: Communicate from mind to mind.
2nd Level Quantum Powers include:
Absorption: Convert physical or energy damage sustained into strength.
Animal/Plant Mastery: Communicate with and summon fauna or flora.
Bodymorph: Take on aspects of one specific type of matter or energy.
Density Control: Alter your density to gain defense or to become intangible.
Disorient: Confuse and weaken opponents.
Disrupt: Reduce other powers’ effectiveness.
Domination: Control a target’s brainwaves.
Flight: Fly without artificial assistance.
Holo: Create holographic images.
Hypermovement: Increase running, flying or swimming speed.
Immolate: Manifest a damaging aura.
Invisibility: Fade from sight.
Invulnerability: Gain damage reduction.
Memory Alteration: Alter existing memories or implant false ones.
Mental Blast: Inflict damage to a target’s brain.
Mirage: Create illusions within the target’s mind.
Poison: Poison or infect a target by touch.
Quantum Leech: Absorb power points from a target.
Quantum Vampire: Transfer a target’s power to yourself.
Strobe: Disable a particular sense.
Stun Attack: Stun or knock out a target.
Telekinesis: Lift and move physical objects through mental focus.
Teleport: Move from one location to another without passing through intervening space.
Be aware though, Divis Mal has a Quantum rating of 8. He has gone through the Chrysalis four times, & by 2010 has been a Nova for almost a hundred years. He has no Mega-attribute rated lower than 3 dots, most are rated at 5. He has a huge range of powers that have been refined to an absurd degree, & was able to seize control of the world's media networks for an extended period to deliver the Null Manifesto. He is also noted to understand the nature of Nova-dom in many ways that is far beyond anyone else in the setting, & it was his sheer power that caused the first new Novas of this era to Erupt. Divis Mal, or perhaps one of the more powerful 2nd-generation Novas, might have reached Quantum 10 by the Trinity Era in 2106, but canon has never stated anyone has reached this level of power, yet will you be the first?
Once you do though, you receive the added boost, the limits on your power are lifted giving you unlimited range, duration, target area, zero manifestation time, the ability to split your ability up among separate targets, activate you powers on remote objects & functionally unlimited Quantum Energy to call upon. You're effectively a Nova God.
You'll start with 2 of the 5 dots in all Mega Attributes which will increase the more you work on your powers & access to all Enhancements for each Mega Attribute.
Mega-Strength: When your moving truck breaks down, you just pick it up & carry it to your new home. You can deadlift 10,000 kg.
Crush: You crush your Enemies with your bare hands (or tentacles).
Shockwave: You generate your own earthquakes.
Lifter: You are able to Lift large amounts of weight.
Quantum Leap: You are able to Leap over tall structures in a single bound.
Thunder Clap: You can create a sonic boom by just clapping your hands.
Irresistible Force: You make things fall down.
Precision: You hit things with exactly the amount of force you want to.
Thrower: You Throw really far.
Mega-Dexterity: You can juggle knives in zero-g - with your feet. You can make dodges against bullets or other ranged attacks without seeking cover or hitting the ground. Your reactions are so fast that even a martial-arts master cannot match them.
Accuracy: You have better than pin-point Accuracy.
Enhanced Movement: You can cover ground very fast.
Fast Tasks: You can do most of the things you know how to do, in the blink of an eye.
Physical Prodigy: You are the world's best athlete.
Catfooted: You are stealthier than a shadow.
Rapid Strike: You throw rapid fire punches or kicks at your target.
Fine Manipulation: You can manipulate microscopic objects.
Omindexterity: You can use both hands & both feet with equal ease.
Perfect Balance: You have no problem keeping on your feet, no matter the circumstance.
Mega-Constitution: You could go weeks without sleep. Your lifespan is over 150+ years. Your healing rates are four times faster than a baseline’s.
Adaptability: You are able to survive extreme environments and do not suffer hunger or insomnia (great for A-Personality types & Gamers).
Regeneration: You are able to quickly heal yourself (even regrow limbs or organs, but they take longer).
Health: Your body resists all sorts of poisons & diseases
Immovable Object: You do not move unless you want to
Tireless: You keep going & going & going...
Mega-Perception: You remember the license-plate numbers of all the cars you just walked past in the parking lot. Even the tiniest details are like information beacons to you.
Analytic Taste/Touch: You are able to tell exactly what a substance is by touch or taste alone.
Blindfighting: You have no problem fighting in complete darkness.
Bloodhound: You can track someone by scent.
Body Awareness: You are completely aware of any physical change in your body.
Electromagnetic Vision: You are able to see things others cannot.
High-End Electromagnetic Scan: You can see through solid objects.
Holographic Awareness: You can determine all of the space-time dimensions of an object.
Hyperenhanced Hearing: You can hear things that normal people cannot.
Psychic Awareness: You can sense when mental Quantum powers are used against you (Does not work against Psi.)
Quantum Attunement: You can sense the ebbs & flows of the Quantum.
Ultraperipheral Perception: You are able to see everything around you without turning your head.
Fast Sense: You perceive things with one sense faster than biology should allow.
Sensory Editing: You can filter out any sensory input you not want to perceive.
Sensory Organ: You can move a sense to another part of your body.
Synesthesia: You can swap your senses at will.
That Creepy Feeling: You know when someone is watching you.
Mega-Intelligence: You do advanced calculus problems in your sleep. Even supergeniuses look on you with envy.
Analyze Weakness: You are able to detect the fatal flaw in everyone and everything.
Discerning Mind: You use your intellect to see through attempts to influence you.
Eidetic Memory: You have perfect long-term memory.
Enhanced Memory: You have photographic short-term memory.
Fast Learner: You learn new things very quickly.
Inventive Genius: You can think up & create the most wonderful "toys"...
Mathematical Savant: You have the fastest number crunching tool inside your head.
Linguistic Genius: You are the master of multiple languages.
Compartmentalized Mind: You can split your conscious mind in order to protect it from attack.
Mental Prodigy: This a grouping of enhancements which includes...
Administrative: You understand how organizations work.
Computer: You are good at modifying software and hardware.
Engineering: You make intuitive leaps when creating or upgrading electronic or mechanical devices.
Financial: You are a genius when it comes to money.
Investigative: You are able to deduce solutions with the smallest of clues.
Medical: You know medicine better than experienced physician.
Scientific: You have general grasp of all things having to do with science.
Strategic: You understand the big picture of how events and possibilities may unfold.
Tactical: You are able to analyze all tactical and battlefield situations.
Speed Reading: You can read faster than you can flip pages.
Taint Resistance: You suffer less from the effects of Taint .
Total Concentration: You can completely focus on one thing.
Self-Analysis: You can figure out what dumb mistakes you have made that day so you (hopefully) do not make them again.
Mega-Wisdom: Even when bullets are whizzing past your head, you remain calm and collected. Everyone around you hangs on your witty words.
Artistic Genius: You intuitively know how to prefect works of art, literature, and other creative pursuits.
Enhanced Initiative: You are able to move before your opponents.
Foresight: You almost seem to know what is going to happen before it does.
Hypercognition: You can compress complex information into a simple process.
Lie Detector: You can tell if someone is intentionally lying to you.
Mind Over Matter: You have absolute control over your involuntary bodily functions.
Multitasking: You are able to easily do multiple things at once.
Natural Empath: You intuitively know how people are feeling.
Quickness: You are able to take multiple actions without penalty in combat.
Razor Wit: You can hurt someone's confidence so badly that they perform badly.
Synergy: You become the lynchpin of a particular group.
Group Awareness: You are able to sense the mood of those around you.
Human Nature: You can figure out another person's deep motivations.
Redirection: You can easily change your mind in the middle of combat.
Unfazeable: You are not bothered by anything... no matter how strange.
Mega-Appearance: Miss or Mister America looks plain next to you.
Appearance Alteration: You can make minor changes to your looks.
Awe-Inspiring: You fill people with a sense of Awe when they look at you.
Copycat: You can make minor cosmetic changes to so you can look like someone else.
Face of Terror: You can terrify people by just making Faces at them.
First Impression: You are able to make the best possible First Impression.
Mr. Nobody: You can look like a completely average person.
Seductive Looks: You are the most attractive person to those who view you (This is the visual complement to the Mega-Charisma Enhancement Seductive).
Almost Live: Your Mega-Appearance works over recorded media.
Blind Bewitchment: You can entrance others with your Mega-Appearance through another sense besides sight.
Mirroring: You cause people around you to mimic your mood.
Mega-Manipulation: Experienced con men regard your skills with reverence. Even lawyers can’t twist facts & persuade others as well as you can.
Hypnotic Gaze: You can Hypnotize people at a glance.
Persuader: You are easily able to change people's mind to your point of view.
Trickster: You have a talent for tricking & fooling people.
The Voice: You can mix subliminal messages into your sounding pleasant voice.
Conflicting Accounts: You get two or more people to hear more than one story.
Creeping Paranoia: You cause another person to become paranoid with things you say.
Overwhelming Question: You can interrogate someone with a single question and get a truthful answer.
Mega-Charisma: Even your worst enemies find you likable. You could spill food & drink all over yourself & still seem elegant.
Commanding Presence: Your orders are obeyed without question.
Dreadful Mien: You can use your focused displeasure as an attack.
Natural Agitator: You are able to steer the mood of an entire group.
Seductive: You are able to instinctively know what behaviors are attractive to those who view you.
Soothe: You are able to calm all those around you.
Center of Attention: You make everyone who can see you, pay attention to you.
Inspiration: Your message carries your passion to those spreading it to others.
Perfect Guest: You do all the right things, no matter what group you happen to be in at the moment.
You have knowledge on all Super Sciences Innovations to have appeared in the RPG, crafting them on the other hand is up to you. Once built however, you're able to rebuild it or mass produce it with no difficulty.
Eruption is only the beginning of an ongoing process. Though it is an instrument of evolution, Taint will destroy a Nova if it is not tamed and channeled properly. It is a difficult process, and even your unique nature makes it only slightly easier. By straining your powers beyond their limits to the point of injury, your body and mind will be placed in a slight state of flux. This will temporarily weaken you, but building up enough of this potential can allow for the growth of a cocoon of quantum uncertainty that can be turned to your purposes. When you undergo Chrysalis your cocoon will draw you into a temporally accelerated pocket dimension for your safety. In this state your hard-won lessons will guide you to purge weaknesses of form and technique, enhance your strengths and perhaps even open new avenues of growth. Be warned, though. The Chrysalis only rewards those who willfully push themselves in pursuit of a higher ideal. It is not a safety net, & does not reward carelessness, rote exercise, or the seeking of more power for power's sake. Fortunately for you though unlike other Nova your Taint will always be channeled to your Chrysalis where you can modify yourself as you desire.
A top-grade suit of your own design, made of living Eufiber threads secreted by Anibal Buendia. This material has many uses, including OpNet cables & clothing. Once Attuned by feeding it a small amount of Quantum Energy, the materials' genetic & quantum pattern conforms to that of the nova wearing it. This means that the eufiber can store a limited amount of quantum energy giving it durability & a natural defense for itself and its wearer. Also, through this bonding eufiber clothing becomes immune to the nova's powers, making it extremely useful for many novas. It is possible, with careful attuning, for a nova to gain limited control of a eufiber colony, allowing them to manipulate it as if it was part of their own body. It will adapt to any powers you use, somehow never interfering and always providing protection even if your turn yourself into a living magnetic field or grow to skyscraper size. It can be summoned to you from any location.
You may pass this ability to other pieces of clothing or armor to gain this benefit.
You're also capable of excreting Eufiber whether to form new suits for those you empower or to create a Eufiber network. What you do with it is up to you
If destroyed, damaged, or lost it'll automatically be recreated when you next summon it.
You're also immune to gene-tailored poisons & viruses that may be used against you such as the Proteus' sterility cocktail used by Project Utopia.
Your Quantum Energy powers & your Psi Particle powers do not negatively interact with one another. It also mean that should you find yourself being dunked in a Prometheus Chamber you will not die a slow, agonizing death like other Nova's or Superiors/Inspired. Instead you'll be the first Psion-Nova Hybrid.
You have full knowledge how these powers work & the best ways to use them and you won't be overwhelmed by the sheer number of powers you have.
Your powers cannot be suppressed, copied, altered, nullified or affected negatively against your will & will not malfunction or have control loss of.
You are capable of empowering others by releasing the same exotic radiation that the space station Galatea released when it exploded. This will cause people to develop their own Mazarin-Rashoud Node.
People whom you empower are unable to use the abilities given to rebel or work against you.
You can reverse this process at any point & recall these powers back to you.


Essence of the Psion (Trinity Universe - Psion Era) - By consuming this essence, you gain the ability to manipulate Psion Particles, the Fifth Unifying Force in the Grand Unification Theory.
You gain the ability to manipulate Psion Particles, the Fifth Force, that governs information & consciousness itself. It's the final element in a true Grand Unification Theory, (along with Gravity, Electromagnetism, Strong & Weak Nuclear Forces) to generate various effects. You have access to all the Noetic Aptitudes & modes (including Basic Techniques & Alternate powers) from all 8 Psi Orders with a point in each mode.
Biokinesis: This aptitude gives the psion complete control of his body. He channels psionic energy to adapt, enhance and even restructure his own physiology. Noeticists divide biokinesis into the adaptation, psychomorphing and transmogrify modes.
Adaptation: The psion uses this mode to protect himself against hostile environments (from being underwater for extended periods of time to being able to maneuver without danger in nonstandard gravity).
Psychomorphing: The psion can manipulate his internal physiology, growing redundant organs and even subsuming biotech into himself.
Transmogrify: This mode enables the psion to change the shape of his own body. Effects range from creating weapons from the psion’s own skin and bones to assuming someone else’s appearance.
Clairsentience: A psion with this aptitude can extend his senses far beyond the human norm, can read the “auras” of people and objects to learn their histories, and can even catch glimpses of the future. Clairsentience effects are categorized under the psychometry, psychonavigation and telesthesia modes.
Psychometry: These powers involve attuning to a subject’s aura, as the clairsentients call it, to learn of recent events and encounters.
Psychonavigation: This mode enables the psion to find a subject by keying into its subquantum resonance.
Telesthesia: The psion can project his senses through physical barriers and across vast distances by attuning himself to noetic energy wave-forms.
Electrokinesis: The psion channels electrical energy and even manipulates the electromagnetic spectrum with this aptitude (which is also referred to as EK). Electromanipulation, photokinesis and technokinesis are the three recognized EK modes.
Electromanipulation: With the powers of this mode, the psion controls electrical impulses in organic beings.
Photokinesis: This mode’s effects are used to perceive and direct the flow of energy across the electromagnetic spectrum, whether to create holograms or generate lasers.
Technokinesis: The psion taps into and controls energy flow through mechanical technology, from computers to spacecraft.
Psychokinesis: These powers involve molecular manipulation. A psychokinetic can create cold or heat or can move something by manipulating molecules. The three psychokinesis modes are cryokinesis, pyrokinesis and telekinesis.
Cryokinesis: The psion uses cryo effects to slow down an object’s molecular motion, simply cooling it or perhaps even freezing it solid.
Pyrokinesis: These effects excite molecules to generate heat and to cause combustion.
Telekinesis: The psion lifts objects and even himself by moving an entire molecular construct with focused psi energy.
Quantakinesis: The manipulation of the four forces of the universe (gravity, electromagnetism, and strong and weak nuclear forces) through what some have dared to call the newly discovered fifth force: Noetics. The Noetic spectrum acts as the sub-quantum glue that holds all other forces together. With precise and focused use of their Noetic aptitudes, these Psions are able to duplicate many of the effects generated by the other orders.
Energetics: Through a manipulation of the four forces (five counting Psi) of the Universe the Psion is able to generate almost any form of energy. At higher levels of Energetics the Psion is able to direct and shape his emissions.
Enhancement: In effect Enhancement is the Quantakinetic’s hacked version of Adaptation. Though not as effective as the Biokinetic modality, Enhancement can give the Quantakinetic the needed edge in the field that can often mean the difference between life and death.
Transmutation: With Transmutation the Psion uses his “Noetic glove” to gain a sense of the molecular structures of targets. Ultimately the Psion gains the ability to restructure targets on the molecular level.
Telepathy: The powers of this aptitude are used to ommunicate regardless of language differences, or to take control of someone’s very thoughts. Noetic science lists this aptitude’s effects under the empathy, mindshare and psychbending modes.
Empathy: The psion can perceive and even control another person’s emotions.
Mindshare: The effects of this mode allow for direct mind-to-mind contact that transcends all other forms of communication.
Psychbending: The psion can assume control of another person’s thoughts and memories through a concerted force of will.
Teleportation: The psion can influence the subquantum stratum to alter space or change the locations of objects or individuals.. Translocation, transmassion and warping are the three recognized teleportation modes.
Translocation: The psion can move himself from place to place without traversing the intervening distance in the conventional sense.
Transmassion: This mode’s powers deal with moving other things instantly, whether objects or living beings.
Warping: This mode focuses upon changing the nature of location itself, bending spacetime and even creating portals between spatialm locations.
Vitakinesis: This aptitude covers the use of noetic energy to heal — or to harm —the body and mind. The majority of development in vitakinesis involves its healing applications, as categorized under the iatrosis and mentatis modes. High-ranking Æsculapians maintain rigid control of all training in algesis, the application of vitakinesis to cause harm.
Algesis: This mode is geared toward causing injury. It is considered a necessary evil in the battle against aberrants, but few vitakinetics practice its effects.
Iatrosis: The psion applies his will to mend physical injuries, from minor cuts and scrapes to massive trauma and loss of limbs.
Mentatis: The use of psi energy to remedy psychological derangements, healing the mind rather than the body.
You'll have access to all Mega Attributes but only up to the third dot & to none of the enhancements.
Once you've mastered all Psi Aptitudes, you'll receive the added boost, of having unlimited range, duration, target area, zero manifestation time, the ability to split your ability up among separate targets, activate you powers on remote objects & functionally unlimited Psi Energy to call upon. You're effectively a Psion God.
You have knowledge on all Sciences & Bio-Tech Innovations to have appeared in the RPG, crafting them on the other hand is up to you. Once built however, you're able to rebuild it or mass produce it with no difficulty.
Your Psi Particle powers & Quantum Energy powers won't negatively interact with one another.
You have full knowledge how these powers work & the best ways to use them and you won't be overwhelmed by the sheer number of powers you have.
Your powers cannot be suppressed, copied, altered, nullified or affected negatively against your will & will not malfunction or have control loss of.
You gain a Prometheus Chamber a human bioware device, used to trigger latents into Psions. Yours has been jailbroken so that it can be retuned to bestow Noetic Aptitude from any of the 8 Psi Orders to any individual you desire. When not in use it's kept in a sealed pocket dimension that only you have access to. You can summon it to any location you desire.
A prospect is placed in the chamber, a gel-filled tank which places the subject in a fugue state. For several hours, the tank injects various nano-organisms into the latent's body, altering the subject's DNA & activating their psionic potential.
Your Chamber isn't bound by the single-Aptitude constraint on the other Prometheus Chambers placed by the Doyen to make the orders less of a potential threat.
You're chamber also has the added feature of allowing you to modify you physical characteristics & features such as looks.
Only you & people you designate can operate the chamber & you can revoke access at any point in time.
If destroyed, damaged, or lost it'll automatically be recreated when you next summon it.
It's blackboxed so nobody but you can reverse engineer it, without your express permission. Chambers created using this method are not jailbroken & still operate under the Doyen restrictions.
People whom you empower are unable to use their powers to harm you in any way, shape or form, unless you allow it.
You can reverse this process at any point & recall these powers back to you.

Essence of the Progenitor (Wild Talents: Progenitor) - Consuming this Dark Energy Colored Essence will give you several boons.
You gain the knowledge, powers, skills, & abilities of Amanda Sykesfrom the Wild Talents Progenitor RPG book & all progeny stemmed from her.
To put it short your main ability is to create superpowers as needed you can use several at once or one big one. (Think of yourself as a Dr Manhattan-Lite minus the time abilities.) This is the power she uses to duplicate powers with all three Qualities, or to mimic Hyperstats or Hyperskills.
Some examples of powers she & her progeny has access to.
Some feats by Amanda herself to give you an idea of her powers.
Teleport thousands of people of the 92 mile size Island of Atlantis before sinking the entire island in a matter of seconds.
Turns thousands of nuclear warheads into duds.
Without augmenting yourself with Dark Energy you're still a force to be reckon with.
You can exhale hard enough to inflate a truck tire. You can tear a half dozen sheets of tempered steel in half without breaking a sweat. You can shout and shatter glass within sight range. You can throw objects up to 3 tons as if they were as heavy as baseballs. Your vertical leap is twice your Body in yards and three times your Body in a broad jump.
You are a perfect example of physical excellence. All muscles are absolutely under your control. You can flex or unflex any muscle in your body, including those muscles in your internal organs. You climb so well, you appear to stick to walls. You can try to dodge perceived gun attacks. You can contort into any conceivable position. You can catch fast objects in flight.
Your senses are absolutely perfect. If there is a stimulus within the ranges of the human senses, you sense it. Nothing can sneak up on you under any circumstance. You can attack invisible enemies without roblem, & see through illusions, camouflage & other forms of obfuscation without even trying. Your senses are as sharp as an animal’s. It’s impossible to sneak up on you. You can see in near absolute darkness. You can detect motion at more than a mile through ground vibrations. You can identify targets by smell at more than a mile & track by scent. Your taste is so acute you can differentiate between chemicals in a mixture. You can differentiate between dozens of sounds amidst a cacophony. You can aim firearm attacks using hearing alone as a guide. You can read printed materials by touch alone.
No stimulus, no matter how terrible, affects you unless you wish it to. You are completely immune to battle fatigue. In addition, so-called “reflex” responses such as breathing,heartbeat and other autonomic systems are under your conscious control. You never suffer any penalties due to distraction, noise, exhaustion or pain. You are in fact completely immune to pain. All your feelings are under your conscious control.
Monica Spielman, who can turn object, people or herself temporarily or permanently change someone into their otherworld versions of themselves, but with a couple of big, big restrictions. The first is, it has to be voluntary, either on the part of the person being obliterated (or ‘transformed’) or on the part of the alternate who’s going to replace the Progenitorverse native.
J. Edgar Hoover, who can psychically study a person and create a template of that individual body, mind & dark energy profile & duplicate the look of those he has scanned, opinions, skills, powers & memories. He’s got a range of around 2,909,090 miles.
Jason Weeks, who can answer any question. When he activates his power, his massive intelligence examines the question and engages his clairvoyance (can perceive everything within the range of one light year) to gather the information it needs to answer the question authoritatively. Because the process is entirely outside his consciousness, Jason’s oblivious to it. (By the same token, if there’s any human or personal bias involved, it’s completely hidden.) This robs him of most of his powers, so he’s stingy with its use. But when you need an answer, he can provide it.It is not a quick process, taking anywhere from a few minutes to several weeks to yield a solution. The duration of the calculation seems unrelated to the apparent difficulty of the question, but as Jason himself is quick to point out, determining the true parameters of a question is often a great part of the challenge.
Barbara French, who can play with light the way a teenager plays with gum. She can bend it, color it, diffuse it, intensify it or curve it. That last one’s particularly interesting. It means that with a bit of time and attention she can create a stable light-warp around a location. It takes multiple rolls to get 360-degree coverage, but if she’s willing to put in the time, anything in that bubble of space has light flow around it, making it essentially invisible. At least, from most perspectives. Within the bubble, light is dim and seems to come in brief shafts from outside. (The intangible ‘walls’ keeping the light out look like perfect mirrors, though usually curved ones.) Keep in mind that she can affect a 30 yard radius sphere.
Tyler T. Ford, who can erase his own presence, indications of Ford’s presence and passage are ignored, suppressed and forgotten. Clairvoyants can’t find him either. Even expert detectives overlook his footprints and fingerprints—unless, of course, he wants them to be found.
Martin Luther King Jr., who can teleport anywhere within a range over 29 million miles.
Sipho Masango, a macroscale telekinetic who has the power to pull the Earth apart or knock it out of the sun’s ecliptic.
Cynthia Carls who can form a thousand tons of matter into any shape she wants, in seconds.
Jack Grimes who has the power to permanently transform twelve million tons of matter into any chemical or compound he wants.
Å, a fifth generation, who has ability to choose when he shares his powers and control what powers his descendants develop, can send messages into the minds of those he chooses. It’s quite specific—he can choose to broadcast to all whites in his range, or all traffic control officers, or all third sons, or all followers of his religion. They all hear in their minds what he wants heard, and it reaches as far as high Earth orbit & control the weather within 80 yards.
This doesn't even include the standard telekinesis, telepathy, invisibility, dynakinesis, regeneration, body modification, illusion casting, astral projection, emotion control, size alteration, teleporting injury on others, flight, etc. This should give you an idea of the powers you can create.
Some Third Generation & others.
General Colt can contact any mind on Earth or between Earth and the moon’s orbit. He can also broadcast (or receive from) everyone in a 40 yard radius of his attention’s focus or focus a person directly & remotely kill them, when he attacks psychically, he strikes directly at the autonomic nervous system. Depending on circumstances, this can take the form of phantom pains in a limb, muscle spasms, vomiting, cardiac arrest, sudden vascular constriction, histamine overload or simple lung paralysis. As well as place a psychic perceptual probe anywhere on Earth or out to the radius of the moon’s orbit.
Abraham Sykes who can keep molecules from moving out of their current configuration, often in the face of tremendous forces. He can, for example, apply his power to a plasterboard wall and enable it to resist machine gun fire. Or he can apply it to paper cup in a bonfire and keep the cup from burning. That’s the defensive application. He can also ‘rewind’ objects to undo the effects of time and force upon them. This is often used to heal people—he turns back the clock to before that shrapnel took your arm off and ta da—it’s restored. He can do the same for a wrecked building, or a rusted-out car. He cannot bring the dead back to life, though some suspect this is less a limit on his power than a limit imposed by his subconscious, the outcome of his religious upbringing. With Molecular Restoration he can take someone back to their peak, but with Corporeal Refinement, he can make them better than they ever were. He can realize their physical potential. This talent can affect up to 1,600 pounds at a range of 320 yards. With Rectoperception he can ‘look’ (though it’s not exactly sight) into the past and know what happened to objects in the area where he is. It’s like seeing the past, just… not exactly. But it’s close enough to psychometry for his purposes, which are often finding people who ran away. He starts at their last location and just chases their
Amy Sykes, aside from her body’s physical resistance to damage, she’s protected by a potent infusion of dark energy. It keeps her the same. To a limited extent, it provides her needs—she can’t be smothered or starved and she can’t die of thirst. While she matures, past a certain point she does not age. As well as emitting explosions from her hands & body.
Christopher Marshall, at his command, the stones themselves will fight. More specifically, man-sized and -shaped entities tear forth from the soil, ready to take up weapons and march. They’re featureless , robotically obedient & interchangeable. They have roughly the training of a soldier fresh out of boot camp, and a grasp of the Uniform Code of Conduct about equal to Sergeant Marshall himself.
Dac Kien can touch a person and instantly vaporize him. The person’s mass is then incorporated into Dac Kien’s body as whatever material he desires.
Nguyet Cam, one of the most if not the most hyperintelligent, charming, & commanding person in the world. Her idiosyncratic and autodidactic approach to mechanical and electrical (and, eventually, nuclear) engineering is decades ahead of the rest of the world. While her machines push the envelope, they are not inherently “impossible.”
Ngoc Vo who does not have General Colt’s attacking abilities, nor can she alter memories as he does, but she is a strong receiver and adequate broadcaster. With her range boost, she can contact anyone in the world (or indeed, as far away as the Moon), as long as she’s sufficiently familiar with him. She also instinctively scans for malevolent intent and intuits attacks even as they’re decided upon. Ngoc Vo canalso move a little more than three tons of mass to anywhere on Earth, or to the surface of the Moon. Or much, much farther. Her utmost range is around 133 astronomical units, more than three times the average distance from Pluto to the sun. She can also use it to easily ‘blink’ away from attacks. While she cannot technically attack with her power—she can’t phase people into objects or teleport away sections of their bodies—setting someone adrift in space or at the bottom of the ocean is close enough.
Some feats by her Second Generation Progeny empowered by her accidentally.
Your powers doesn't come without limits You can manipulate or create anything that can be accomplished through the observable matter &/or energy. You cannot directly create beliefs of influence social factors for example.
Like Amanda who until the computing revolution of the 1990s, couldn't use her powers to increase her Hyperbrains, Hypercommand or Hypercharm skills because, until then, she doesn’t know how to use energy to create patterns of logic. But once those concepts are available to humankind (and can therefore be read with telepathy) she’s able to extend her power into those Hyperstats. Until then you won't be able to modify yourself mentally to increase your intellect, your force of personality, your capacity for leadership, your composure in the face of crisis or increase your charisma, influence & diplomacy.
Once you do however. You're capable of the following.
Hyperbrains: You are a thinking machine, and have a photographic memory on a level not easily understood by the common man. Every event ever experienced by you is recorded, along with every nuance of the situation down to the smallest observable detail. A facial twitch, the placement of a tablecloth on a table, the number of squares in a tile floor, all this and more is obvious to you, along with your exact emotional state during such situations. At this level, it is almost as if you were experiencing every moment of your life over and over again-simultaneously. Your memory is flawless, and you recall everything with perfect clarity. You can consider intellectual problems even while asleep. You can make a nearly photographic drawing of anything you have seen. You can calculate figures as fast as a supercomputer.
Hypercommand/ Hypercharm: You can sway crowds so thoroughly given the time to do so (matter of minutes), that they will follow you to the ends of the earth and do anything for you. Even commands encouraging suicide, murder, rape or other anti-social behavior seem somehow beneficial to the targets when they are under the effect of your power. At this level you can bypass any indoctrination, training or resistance with ease. If you give an individual your undivided attention, you can instill your own indoctrination with simple sentences. This brainwashing can take less than a minute. You can convince crowds of anything in less than an hour. You can bark orders in a voice that will cause a single subject to obey a simple command before he can consider the consequences of such an action. You can instill your own indoctrination into targets in a few simple sentences.:
You're also immune to any ability that uses Dark Energy. This is an extremely subtle and potent defense. While it can be overwhelmed by raw power, someone who attempts to read your mind gets nothing. Someone who attempts to model your personality using an analytical engine built from dark energy structures is forced instead to rely solely on human observation. Someone who tries to find you with clairvoyance can’t unless you're willing. (You can, of course, switch it off to allow positive effects to work on her, such as being healed.)
Your powers have a range of from Earth to the Moon capable of covering the surface of both. As your knowledge & abilities grow so will this.
You have full knowledge how these powers work & the best ways to use them and you won't be overwhelmed by the sheer number of powers you have.
Your powers cannot be suppressed, copied, altered, nullified or affected negatively against your will & will not malfunction or have control loss of.
Unlike Amanda you have total, conscious control of the descent of your power. You chooses who receives it, and when, & most importantly, you determine the powers your descendants develop.
How much power the people you empower get up to 75% of your original power.
Your progeny won't lose their powers should you be knocked unconscious.
Your progeny need your approval to create more progeny. Fourth generation progeny don't require your approval & can freely create progeny at will & their power level will be 50% of the progeny doing the empowering.
If you don't know which power to bestow upon a person, you can choose to auto-bestow one which will give them a power based on the persons strengths & weaknesses & directly compliments them.
People whom you empower are unable to use their powers to harm you in any way, shape or form, unless you allow it, (in case of surgey). Neither are their progeny or their progeny, etc.
You can severe this connection at any point & recall these powers back to you.

Essence of the Shatterlings (House of Suns)
You're fragmented into a 999 clones of yourself with yourself being the number 1000.
You're fully capable of customizing the gender, personality & appearance, of each of your clones down to the smallest detail. Or if you desire you can have it all automatically done.
Regardless each clone is biologically immortal & will continue to exist until killed.
The type of ruling intellect, from a hivemind, gestalt conciseness, networked conciseness, Sensate Cluster, or even give them their own individuality & let them choose for themselves.
As Shatterlings, all clones will have the same initial set of memories from you. From your very first memory until the point where you fragmented yourself. Anything after that needs to be shared. You can choose to share knowledge, skills & memories after the shattering if you desire.
Can sense and communicate with each other regardless of distance, location, or boundary.
The following are optional.
Give these clones access to your complete suite of powers (including essences) or give each clone a different power or powerset to use.
Erase everyone's memory including your own of who exactly is the original. Or you could just erase everybody else's & keep your own.
The ability to re-arrange/edit your memories. You could hold all of their memories at once, if you wanted to, but having that many memories would affect a personality very drastically, or have problems verifying old data or check its significance. You're capable of holding lifetimes worth of memories inside your head without having it radically affecting your personality & when you come to a given situation that require specific information or is unknowingly connected with other information you possess it will drift to the forefront of your mind & fall into place.
This ability also prevent you from being caught in Lotus eater machine type traps that affect your perception of reality or otherwise try to trap your mind.
The Boötes void is actually full of galaxies connected by wormholes in setting, but all the galaxies are cloaked & hidden so that civilizations can use their wormholes for pseudo-FTL travel without violating causality. This ability passes to you, allowing you to cloak entire galaxies from all known senses & detection methods.
You additionally receive the following items.
A STL Star of your own design. It's big enough to hold many smaller craft inside of itself. It comes with anti-gravity, inertial damping, force fields, pseudo-thrust to attain near-light speeds, & stasis fields or cryo chamber.
The Vigilance, a massive Dyson swarm which archives all sic million years of human knowledge & technological innovation. You can materialize this around any star of your choice.

Essence of the Unlimited Hyoubu Kyousuke (Zettai Karen Children) - Consuming this Swirling Purple & Crimson Essence will give you several boons.
You gain the knowledge, powers, skills, & abilities of the leader of the P.A.N.D.R.A., Hyoubu Kyousuke.
Hyoubu Kyousuke has the ability of permanently acquiring the Esper power of anyone who dies around him, this power passes to you with the added perk of permanently acquiring the power of anyone who dies around you regardless of how they died. The power in question doesn't need to be an Esper power for this to work.
You also have access to all the abilities he obtain thus far. Such as psychokinesis, hypnosis, electrokinesis, psychometry, pyrokinesis, & teleportation.
You can use them simultaneously & combine them.
Your power is kept in check with a limiter to prevent it from destroying your body. You can release the limiter to enter Unlimited Mode & release your full power which is stronger than The Children's Triple Boost, (which combines the power of the two other Level 7s of The Children with hers A clash between a Level 7 and a Level 7 child Kaoru would have destroyed the city if the energy wasn't contained.)
You can designate the form that your limiter takes be it a pin, watch, headband, etc.
As time progress you'll be able to stay in Unlimited Mode longer & the damage it does to your body will decrease. Eventually culminating in you being able to enter Unlimited Mode at will & being able to stay in it indefinitely without it ravaging your body.
The Octet Boost, which combines forces of yourself & those whose abilities you've absorbed to form seven wings while overclocking your powers.
Your also have the option of turning your hair white if you desire.
You have full knowledge how these powers work & the best ways to use them and you won't be overwhelmed by the sheer number of powers you have.
Your powers cannot be suppressed, copied, altered, nullified or affected negatively against your will & will not malfunction or have control loss of.

Essence of the Composite Psionic - Consuming this Essence will make you the most power Psychic in existence.
You possess all existing psychic/psionic/mental powers to have ever existed. Possessing absolute psychic power, tapping into infinite/absolute, pure, raw psionic might, & achieving an unimaginable level of psychic power, capabilities, & precision that surpasses any and all other psionics by an incredible margin.
Psychokinesis: With nothing but will alone you're capable of shaping the physical world. Moving objects, generating & manipulating all forms of energy (even dark matter) or matter even constructing psychic constructs. The world is a vast ocean of vibration consisting of matter & energy to your senses & all it takes to get it moving is a thought. Complex systems such as biology & technology are no exception. You are peerless when it comes to the sheer breath & raw power you can exert, the near-limitless psionic ability allows you to manipulate all matter & energy on an molecular level. You can use his power to reconfigure all forms of matter into different substances & forms and can change matter to energy & back again. Keep molecules from moving out of their current configuration often in the face of tremendous forces, revert them to a previous state, or make them better than they ever were. Even manipulate probability swaying the odds in your favor subconsciously. Abilities with the term "kinesis" after them are simply an application of psychokinesis such as:
Telekinesis: the ability to move, manipulate & control a multitude of people & objects with the mind without physically touching them, especially over long distances, while exerting massive forces on it. Depending on the user's skill and power, they may be able to levitate themselves & other objects (including heavy objects, into the hundreds of tons), form powerful pushes/blasts, augment your physical attributes to superhuman levels, phase through objects by vibrating your molecular structure & project psionics shields in any shape you desire (strong enough to protect you from harm at the ground zero detonation of a one gigaton nuclear warhead at first, while allowing certain objects through.) You can disassemble complex devices explosively (separating every last component, such as screws, nuts, circuit boards, etc.) &, just as quickly, easily assemble complex devices. This also enables you to even attain awareness & control over objects as small as individual electrons in an atom. For instance, you could detect if a seal was hermetic, or not, by checking for the presence of penetrating oxygen molecules. Can even detect and discern individual oxygen molecules, & determine the atomic weight of molecules, by the amount of atoms present.
Thermokinesis: the ability to raise & lower both your external & internal body temperature, which projects intense coldness from your body without negative consequence. This ability converts the latent thermal energies in & around the body into an unknown form of energy that is efficiently dissipated. You can consciously, immediately lower the temperature area around you from its normal 98.6 Fahrenheit to absolute zero (The point where all molecular motion stops.) and lower within the span of a few tenths of a second.
Pyrokinesis: the ability to excite the atoms within an object, possibly enough energy to ignite the object or generate intense heat. A pyrokinetic is a person capable of generating flames from thin air, not requiring the consumption of oxygen or combustible objects to maintain the flames. Even telekinetically control & manipulate ones they did not manufacture, & utilize them in any way imaginable or whatever they desire. One could possess complete and precise control over their shape, size, intensity, density, temperature, and even color. You could alter its size & intensity from a mere candlestick flame, to an immeasurable inferno. You can increase the temperature in your proximity, create flames, & endure extreme heat & flame without being harmed.
Cryokinesis: is the ability to reduce the kinetic energy of atoms and thus reduce temperature. You can detect, generate, absorb, manipulate, & fully control ice, snow, as well as cold temperatures. Control moisture such as to freeze any air moisture into super-hard ice. This ice can be formed into any object of his choosing: the only limitations are your own imagination & the ambient air temperature which determines how long his ice sculpture will stay icy. You do not have to hold the ice physically in order to shape it. You can simply direct the waves of coldness you projects in certain ways so as to create ice in the shape desired. Your control of his powers are so vast that it extends to the molecular level, to the point that he can freeze all of the molecules of an object/being with a thought, as well as unfreeze it. An example would be freezing the blood in the veins, thereby stopping flow to the brain or the ability to control chemical reactions on the molecular level.
Hydrokinesis: is the psychic ability to detect, generate, absorb, manipulate, & fully control the movement of liquid water using the power of the mind. Hydrokinetics are shown to be able to control, manipulate & alter the molecular state of water. They are also able to manipulate the surrounding water in the atmosphere, freeze water, or even make really thick clouds of mist, steam or fog. People with hydrokinesis can control & manipulate water in all its forms, whether that'd be solid, liquid, or gas. Hydrokinetics are also known to be able to duplicate water molecules, control and manipulate shapes and mold water into desired shapes or forms.
Acoustikinesis: is the ability to manipulate sound and sound waves. Sound is a periodic disturbance of the medium air, ground, water, etc. Sound radiates outward in straight lines in the form of a pressure wave. With this ability, it is possible to create both loud noises and forceful bursts of concentrated sonic energy. The effect these waves produce upon the ear is perceived as sound. From the point of view of physics, sound is considered to be the waves of vibratory motion themselves, whether or not they are heard by the human ear. A person with Acoustikinesis can intensify, hush, and distort, as well warp, strengthen, echo, speed up, and slow down sound, using it as a powerful physical force and high-speed movement. At low frequencies, sound is potentially fatal to living beings by causing internal damage, while high frequencies cannot be heard by normal humans but can be used for sonar-like effects. You are capable of producing more complex sounds, including the emulation of conversations or even complex musical scores. Since sound vibrations can travel through the air, ground, water & any form of medium, defense by using physical barriers is difficult. The vibrations can also affect at a molecular level.
Atmokinesis/Aerokinesis: is the power to manipulate & exert influence with all the natural forces responsible for weather. User can sense, create, shape and manipulate weather, i.e. the meteorological patterns, creating rain, wind, hail, lightning, snow, sleet, fog and temperature changes. This includes the ability to generate various natural phenomena or control the intensity of the weather in highly concentrated (inside room) or vastly extended (continental) areas. This extends to both Earthly & extraterrestrial ecosystems such as while in outer space, you are able to affect and manipulate the interstellar & intergalactic mediums controlling natural forces that include storms, solar wind, ocean currents,& electromagnetic energy. You can modify the temperature of the environment, control all forms of precipitation, humidity and moisture (at a molecular level), generate lightning & other electromagnetic atmospheric phenomena, & control over atmospheric pressure. You can incite all forms of meteorological tempests, such as tornadoes, thunderstorms, blizzards, and hurricanes, as well as mist. You can also dissipate such weather to form clear skies as well. With precise control over the atmosphere allows you can create special weather effects. From creating precipitation at higher or lower altitudes than normal, make whirlwinds travel pointing lengthwise in any direction, channel ambient electromagnetism through your body to generate electric blasts, flash freeze objects and people, coalesce atmospheric pollutants into acid rain or toxic fog, & summon wind currents strong enough to support her weight to elevate herself (or others) to fly at high altitudes & speeds. Manipulate the air in a person's lungs, control the pressure inside the human inner ear, to cause intense pain. Bend light using moisture in the air & manipulation of mist and fog to appear partially transparent, or nearly invisible. You gain an intuitive sense of the environment & can view the Earth as weather patterns, being able to detect objects in the atmosphere, the gravitational stress on the tides by the Moon & Sun, as well as the distortion of a planet's magnetosphere.
Geokinesis: the ability is able to mentally and/or physically control earth. User can create, shape and manipulate earth & earthen elements including most solid objects, specifically all minerals and mineral compositions regardless of their state (mountain, boulder, sand or dust), dirt, soil, etc. With this ability, one could hurl rock, dirt or minerals at foes with only the power of their minds, create fissures, sinkholes, mudslides or form said rock, mud, and soil into constructs, like walls or projectiles. Even creating massive earthquakes, control every kind of metal or more.
Gravitikinesis: is the power to detect, generate, manipulate, & fully control gravitational forces by which all physical bodies attract each other, & gravitons, (an elementary particles that mediate the force of gravitation.) User can bend gravity to make the environment very heavy or light, cause objects to fall toward another object instead of the earth, flatten objects, and generate miniature black holes to compress objects into oblivion. They can repel and attract matter & energy regardless of its mass or move objects in a manner similar to telekinesis. Offensive uses of this power include repulsing people or objects with such force to shatter practically anything, increasing gravity to crush or immobilize opponents, decreasing it to render them defenseless, surrounding one's body in a gravitational field to amplify physical strength or isolate the gravitational field around certain objects or people, and since objects are held on the surface of the planet by the gravitational field, while the planet is constantly moving in space, removing the field of gravity would cause objects to fly out the planet's atmosphere almost instantly. Defensive uses include creating a gravitational force-field to repel all manner of attacks or anchoring oneself to the ground.
Chronokinesis: is the ability to mentally alter time. With this ability, one could travel through time by stepping out of time, control the speed of subjects' movement, trap them in time loops, freeze or slow down foes, & speed oneself up. One with this power could even accelerate or reverse the aging process on any subject one desires or regress them to an earlier state.
Photokinesis: is the psychic ability to fully control light which is electromagnetic radiation that is visible to the human eye & is emitted and absorbed in tiny "packets" called photons. Photokinetic users can generate, detect, absorb, bend, shift, focus, scatter and/or generally manipulate light to various degrees & effects. To the greater extent, one could make themselves invisible, plunge areas into darkness, blind people, crafting illusions, coalesce light into lasers, or hardlight object.
Electrokinesis: is the ability to detect, generate, absorb, manipulate, & fully control electricity. User can create, shape and manipulate electricity, a form of energy resulting from the existence of charged particles (such as electrons or protons) which give the user control over electric fields, electric charges, electric currents, electronics, and electromagnetism. From producing bolts the diameter of an apartment building. You can also guide these bolts to hit pinpoint targets &/or clustered groups of people. They also defy the normal laws of conduction and can arc out of metal objects when normally they'd ground out. By manipulating electromagnetism, you can also move three dimensionally by running on walls and ceilings, as well as gather the objects made of metal (such as water pipes, manhole covers, billboards, & the like) from the surroundings in order to make a shield. Aside from attacking, this ability is also capable performing minute operations that require great control. Such the ability to separate water molecules into oxygen and hydrogen via electrolysis, allowing you to breathe underwater. Affect the bio-electricity of a person's body such the way their neurons fire. Or the mundane action of recharging batteries or powering electrical device to a cellphone to a city block with ease. You're capable of reading and controlling electric signals, perform many forms of hacking such as releasing electronic locks and other kinds of security, hacking databases with a simple portable terminal, remotely destroying research institute material by using an electronic network as a medium, reading digital or magnetic media from a distance without the need of a reader, intuitively communicating with computers, listening to digital communications, & even stealing of the controls of a security robot for remote operation. Theoretically, this type of power can also establish a circuit with another person in order to read the latter's memories. Overlaps with Cyberpathy.
Technopath: is the ability to mentally merge with & control electronic devices, both terrestrial & alien at will. You can telekinetically disassemble & reassemble any technology as well as telepathically interface and communicate with machines to analyze and gather information.
Cyberpathy: is the ability to mentally interact with computers (this excludes non-electric machinery, such as guns & the average car). This is usually accomplished by psionically "reading" the computer's electronic impulses, or converting their own thoughts into electronic signals which they mentally transmit into the computer, or psychokinetically controlling the computer's circuitry or through implants that allow for neural interface. User can control the flow of intricate machinery, and assemble or disengage their programming at will and operate most technology at distance. They control specific electrons & instructs them which items to engage or disengage & may be able to use the electric impulses to gently control smaller metal parts. This also allows you to intercept, generate and interpret electronic wireless transmissions. You can read e-mails & text messages as they are being transmitted, even before they are received. You could also send messages directly from your mind. You remain completely undetectable when doing so.
Dynakinesis: an all-encompassing manipulation of all kinds of energy through globules. These globules of light energy vary in power & intensity. The globules obey your mental commands, travelling where you directs them, arranging themselves in a variety of forms: balls, streamers, homing lasers, lighting & other shapes, even having them orbit around you & then explode when you desire. You can also absorb the generated globules back into her own body without harm. Alternatively, you can tear apart molecular bonds & split the atom. The accelerated radioactive decay reaction is essentially psionically controlled nuclear fission. This ability grants the awesome power to split & spin the atoms of objects and people in the very air, creating miniature nuclear reactions & deadly radiation. In addition to allowing you to disintegrate things via dispersing its sub-atomic molecular state. You can also alter your visual perceptions so as to see the universe in terms of energy patterns or in any part of the electromagnetic spectrum, detecting the flow of kinetic, thermal and electromagnetic energy behind phenomena & can bend this energy to your will. This doesn't degrade with distance & allows you to see through obstructions & solid objects.
Somakinesis: is the ability to manipulate, strengthen & preserve all of the muscles and tissue systems of the human body, using the pull of gravity on the muscles to “Exercise” without actually moving, shaping the muscles to sculpt the body into that of the ultimate athlete, the pinnacle of speed & strength. In addition to making you stronger and faster over time, Somakinesis can also be used to “min-max” gravity & inertia around your body, giving you the advantage in dire situations. Somakinetics are superhumanly strong & fast, & can punch with the kinetic force of a bullet or a speeding freight train. They are especially deadly with melee weapons.
Biokinesis: is the ability to detect, control, modify, or augment your own biological structure & that of other people's bodies down to the genetic level, (such as your heartrate, alpha waves, breathing, metabolic rate, & other physiological functions through sheer concentration,) create bio-mechanical constructs (such as redundant organs, giving yourself Dodecachromiac eyes, bioware, custom viruses & bacteria) or (create, alter, mutate, or merge) lifeforms. This is not limited to humans but encompasses all life. This allows you to heal physical damage done to your body or the bodies of others, change the shape of your own body, creating weapons from your own skin & bones to assuming someone else’s appearance, manipulate your internal physiology, growing redundant organs or adapt to hostile environments, repair or modify cerebral functions, & alter the composition of your own molecules in certain ways. At first you need to touch targets to alter them, but later you can produce biomolecular energy to use your powers on several targets at the same time, without touching them.
Necrokinesis: the ability to cause death at will. It is very simple in principle. In fact, there is only one action involved in using this Talent. You simply sends an electrical impulse along the target’s synapses to the target’s brain giving it the signal for the heart to stop beating or paralyze them. In effect, the Esper’s mind simply says “die” & whoever’s mind hears it, does.
Extra-Sensory Perception (or ESP): is the ability to extend his senses far beyond the human norm enabling a mind to perceive information that is closed to the five physical senses, a natural talent to foresee/sense and avoid danger on the basis of an innate 6th sense, intuition, or prescience, read the auras of people & objects to learn their histories & their future. This will eventually evolve into full blown Cosmic Awareness. You can share senses with people that you're in physical contact with.
Empathy: is the ability to sense, control, alter and manipulate the feelings, sensations & emotions of yourself or other people psionically. With proper reinforcement, these emotions can truly become the emotions of the person so influenced. You can create strong emotions in people that weren’t there before, or strongly influence or wipe out existing emotions, read even the most hidden emotions, you know their cause, and you know things you can do to make them change.
Telepathy: is the ability to read, link, detect, influence, modify, & control the minds & thoughts of sentient beings, & includes transfer of all information from one mind to another, such as knowledge, thoughts, feelings, pictures, sounds, & other sensory information. The language barrier is not an issue. In addition to telepathically cloak, camouflage, emit a psychic scream, construct neuro vaults, hypnotize, paralyze, possess, shield your mind or others or even engage in mental combat with cosmic beings & come out on top. You also have access to a person’s memories, even ones they don’t remember, & repressed memories. A person’s entire mind all the way to their birth is an open book, that you can shape to your will. This power allows you to wrest control of a person’s body & utilize it as if it were a puppet then erase their memory of the experience, program, reprogram, delve into every aspect of the victim’s mind, deeply held beliefs, desires, defining events, opinions, preferences, principals from self-identity to moral code & ethics can all be done, even against their will. With sufficient time and victims, creating an army of slaves is easy, if morally reprehensible. In addition to immediate influence, you can create post-hypnotic suggestions or compulsions that a victim plays out when they are activated by some sort of trigger even that go against their most deeply held beliefs. This power also gives you the ability to rewrite a victim’s memories, either erasing them or replacing them with memories of his own design. This can also be used to emit a type of psychic echolocation that allows you to scan your surroundings while exerting psychic pressure to influence others. This can be used passively to make low-intensity scans of the planet. With enough meddling, you can evoke memories subconsciously through posture & actions. By placing a target in a stressful environment, this can be used to cause hallucinations.
Aura Manipulation: is the ability to see other people’s auras, (auras reveal a thing’s health & wellness, its dominant emotional state or states, & if it is affected by or under magical or para-psychic influence & can also detect invisible or mystically hidden things.) & be keenly aware of their own. They have the ability to manipulate their auras, to multiple effects. They can conceal or misrepresent their own emotions & intentions to those who can see auras, & they begin to influence the emotional states of others subtly through what they project into their aura. You also can become invisible to technological recording devices.
Astral Projection: is the ability to separate their spirit from the body by entering a trance, gaining access of travel the Astral Plane being able to travel great distances, & sometimes, different planes. Experienced individuals may control both the Astral & Corporeal presences. While in astral form, your body is stored in a sealed pocket dimension that only you can access, preventing any other beings from possessing you.
Claircognizance/ Premonition: A form of extrasensory perception wherein users are able to acquire psychic knowledge primarily by intrinsic means. This is the ability to know something without a physical explanation of why you know it, you can even see through a heavily concealed truth with a single glance. Sense when something is about to happen, before it does or have knowledge of any given subject through unknown means or actions. This allows the user to sense & predict attacks. Alternatively, you ask any question to which a one word answer may be given. The answer will be accurate and truthful. Allowing the correct move to always be visible to you as a form of "instruction" being able to gaze down upon the situation & oversees it. Even in something like a card game, the very minimum requirement to play against you on equal terms would be to draw the precise hand required. When facing you in a game like chess, even someone making advanced predictions & reading the flow of the game will have already lost at that moment.
Clairsentience/Remote Sensing: is a blanket form of extrasensory perception (consisting of clairempathy, clairomancy, clairvoyance, clairaudience, clairalience, & clairgustance,) wherein users are able to see, hear, smell, hear, feel things, sense emotions or events, perceive the thoughts from the past, present, future, or at locations not relative to them & gather information about an object, person, location, or physical event through means other than the user's physical senses (such as being able to see & perceive 360 degrees around you, being able to see 12 different base colors like Mantis Shrimps, or capable of viewing wide areas or multiple things at once, viewing other universes, whole cities, anyone or everyone.) This allows them to act when they are unable to use their senses, augment them to superhuman levels & may be able to 'detect' spiritual/psychic beings. You can choose not to observe specific areas if you wish, excluding them from your awareness.
Synestesia: is the ability to connect of all senses, it allows you to perceive reality in a completely different manner. Words spoken literally form floating sentences (that only you can see) that you can read, your feeling of time passing creates a literal clock, you can see numbers describing his calculations about the movements of other things, you can hear the music of a pianist by just seeing them press the piano without actually hearing it, & so on. As long as you are able to feel something with one of his senses, all of them can interpret it. This allows them to flawlessly perceive & observe the world around them; objects, people, locations, events, with one's mind, with no mistakes & 100% accuracy. Being capable of viewing wide areas or multiple things at once, viewing other universes, whole cities, anyone or everyone.
Psychometry: is the ability for someone to perceive the total history & condition of subjects from the past, present, or future, by observing them, simply by coming into close contact with it or something associated with said object or subject (something/someone contacted or used by the subject, etc.). Some with the ability can even act as mediums for residual energies and, as such, can experience talents or memories temporarily from touching an object previously owned by someone else, or tell the past or future of a subject by touching an object owned by or associated with the subject. This ability is sometimes confused with clairsentience.
Precognition: is the ability to foresee possible futures and observe what may happen. Such as knowing their enemy's every move/intention, know the cause/effect of events, prepare to/prevent the unwanted outcome, etc. You have perfect awareness of the immediate future, & can focus on a single target for faster information. You can see things that are otherwise obscured by looking at people's perceptions of them, or otherwise observing their consequences, as well as sense all the variables of any situation for other people, predict the outcomes and what choices the other person could make. You can perceive and understand all cause and effect relations, deducing the path leading to any effect, allowing them to plan, analyze, and take action with absolute efficiency. They can perceive the cause and effect relations of their own thoughts giving them the ability to tackle a various situations by simply thinking about possible routes they could take. In a fighting situation, they can adapt perfectly to all factors before they even appear, achieving maximum efficiency in offense, defense, and strategy, ensuring optimal success as long as there is the slightest chance. As a strategist, the user can always achieve optimal results (depending on the means at their disposal), perfectly anticipating all variables and their opponents' every move. These calculations can lead to extremely complicated planning in the long run, which always ends up being successful. As scientists, they can discover new theories and invent new technologies with incredible ease, as they can automatically deduce the correct path to the desired result and remove the need for trial/error basic protocol. The user can instantly understand anything by perceiving all the causes/effects it is currently made of, as well as all the previous ones that lead to this state. For example, a simple glance at someone would be enough to learn their nature, personality, history, expectations, strengths, weaknesses, etc. The perception can also be turned to the person's future, its many paths, their probabilities, and the one which will eventually be realized. Criminals with this power could execute perfect crimes very easily, as they would know exactly which actions would lead to their arrest and which wouldn't, by knowing all possible consequences of each individual action. This allows you to make long-term predictions of behavior & activity (in the order of months and years) to turn beings into rube-goldberg devices, with whole streams or strings of events occurring in areas you're active in.
Retrocognition/Postcognition: is the ability to perceive information about past events of a particular object, person, or anything in between without any guessing based on deductive reasoning and current knowledge. You have perfect awareness of the past including people or beings trying to change it, track down people, or reverse engineering object by seeing how they were built & can focus on a single target for faster information, but this leave you blind to the present. You can see things that are otherwise obscured by looking at people's perceptions of them.
Teleportation: is the movement of yourself, people, objects or elementary particles from one place to another even other universes & dimensions, without contact, instantaneously anywhere on Earth or to your location, without traveling through space either psychically (literally blinks out of existence in one place & reappearing at your destination,) or portal creation. This also allows you to teleport the air out of someone's lungs, substances out of your body, teleport objects into other objects or beings or telefrag them, teleport someone from South America to Asia while being in Europe, even be in multiple locations simultaneously through bi-location. You displace the area you teleport into & have a sixth sense of where you teleport, so you don’t teleport into objects unless you desire to.
Psionic Vampirism: feed upon the psionic energies of others. Absorbing & stealing psionic energy from those around him and using it to your own advantage.
Immutability/ Reality Anchoring: is the resistance to all external physical change. One with this ability cannot be transformed into another form, genetically altered, shrunk, expanded, weighed down or affected by reality bending, magic, psionics, & alterations to the space-time continuum as well as imperceptibility by similarly empowered beings. However, you could still be damaged by normal changes (injury, disease, age, the elements). You can temporarily pass on this trait to another or undo changes to others themselves.
You're capable of setting anchor points so that you're capable of identifying & returning to your original timeline/universe as well as any that you've been to previously.
You are capable of constructing items out of pure psychic energy be it tentacles, armor, guns, blade weapons, (these can be used to attack physically & mentally) or mundane items like walls or geometric shapes.
The user is empowered by all other users of psionic, & psionic energies/forces. Choose any type of psychic in existence, such as Ness (Earthbound), Saiki Kusuo (Disastrous Life of Saiki Kusuo), Shigeo Kageyama (Mob Psycho 100), Tetsuo Shima (Akira), Sarah Kerrigan (Starcraft), The Synestetic (Mortebianca), Omega Cable, Shaman Nate Grey (X-Men), Children of the Lens (Lensman), the God-Emperor of Mankind (Warhammer 40k), Atoning Unifex (Galactic Milieu), Psions (Trinity Universe), Breakers (Dark Tower), Para-Psychics (Cthulhutech), Espers (Toaru), etc. You gain all of their power, as well as logical extrapolations of their powers via close proximity (50 meters.) You may also learn the abilities of other kinds of psychics (again, with conceivable extrapolations & increased power) or create entirely new powers with minimal effort.
The more you use your abilities the stronger they'll get, there is no upper limit on the growth of your psionic power, you're power have extreme macro & micro capability.
At the beginning you'll be able to affect anything in an area the size of a small town. With your senses being able to perceive small group of people or individual objects. Gradually you'll be able to affect objects on the extreme macro & micro scale. From continents, to planets, to star systems, galaxies, superclusters, etc. to the opposite atoms, sub-atomic, quarks, etc.
At the end you'll have unlimited access to all forms of psionics & other psychic & mental forces. With this unlimited access, the user is capable of manipulating reality itself to the point of warping layers of reality otherwise inaccessible to mortals, allowing them to transcend the normal limits of psychic power, not just being capable of manipulating existence itself but deciding the definition of existence. You possess a mind which exists everywhere & anywhere, capable of feeling and connecting with absolutely everything, given enough time to meditate. You will gradually feel more, starting with the feelings of humans, to all living beings, to earth on a subatomic level, to the stars & galaxies, to all of the universe in past, present & future contemporarily, then all infinite alternate timelines. There is truly no limit on your power, except what you can imagine.
Your intelligence will increase proportionally with your power & as such also has no limits on its growth. Your intellect starts on the level that make the Councils of Reeds, Dr Doom, Thanos, & Brainiac wary of you.
Eventually you'll be able to out think Destro (Mortebianca), Necron Technomandrite Crypteks, the Doctor, Downstreamer Blue Children, & even the Xeelee. Being able to design things so advanced & complex that only higher beings can understand, feats that are beyond the most advanced form of science.
You gain perfect/ infinite memory storage & processing power with instant recall, indexing creativity, learning capability & control over your thought process. In addition you will gain all necessary mental faculties to process and utilize these abilities while maintaining uninterrupted consciousness.
Gain practically infinite trains of thought & ability to multitask.
This increase won't negatively affect your personality, (such as making you a cold, logical, emotionless robot.)
You can adjust your mental state accordingly to how you like it, with safeguards in place to prevent fates worse than death, I must scream scenarios, or accidental tinkering that results in deleting or modifying essential parts.
Your mind is codified & firewalled making it nigh impossible to read, detect, influence, modify, & control your mind. Without your permission of course.
Every event ever experienced by you is recorded, along with every nuance of the situation down to the smallest observable detail. A facial twitch, the placement of a tablecloth on a table, the number of squares in a tile floor, all this and more is obvious to you, along with your exact emotional state during such situations. At this level, it is almost as if you were experiencing every moment of your life over and over again-simultaneously. You can consider intellectual problems even while asleep.
You can adjust the intellectual comprehension to increase/decrease situational awareness and ability to process information. Organize & construct your thoughts & process data at accelerated rates and invest quantity & quality, & project ideas and impressions into the minds of others. Manipulate wiring and functions in the cerebellum allowing you to learn everything: play any musical instrument, possess insight and knowledge about science, practice sports, speak any language, develop psionic powers, memorize anything, discover something and know absolutely everything.
You have unlimited mental energy to use your powers but you can only release a finite amount at a given time until your powers grow.
You're not hindered by your physical body, as your powers manifest through your mind, & you can use an astral form to regain mobility, should your body ever be paralyzed or otherwise rendered immobile for whatever reason. Transfer both your conciseness & powers into other host bodies should his own physical body be somehow killed. Or you could just create a new body & download your conciseness & powers into it.
Your powers are attached to your conciseness & as such can only be used by you if someone tries to possess your body or mind control you to use you powers, they'll be unable to do so.
You can set your abilities to act in a passive manner. Such as passively absorbing the knowledge of those you're near using your telepathy, skintight forcefields, making sure the temperature around you is always room temp, precog to have instinctive knowledge of events before they happen as a danger sense, etc.
You have full knowledge how these powers work & the best ways to use them and you won't be overwhelmed by the sheer number of powers you have. You can use multiple abilities simultaneously or combine them for different effects, (such as sending knowledge/ or conciseness to your past self or pyrokinesis & geokinesis to create lava.)
Your powers cannot be suppressed, copied, altered, stolen, hijacked, nullified or affected negatively against your will & will not malfunction or have control loss of
You are capable of empowering others by awakening the psychic potential within them. Giving them access to the full suite of powers or just specific ones. Beware, once you do thought you won't be able to undo it.

Essence of the EVO (Generator Rex) - By drinking this Vial of Intracellular-Nanites you'll gain several boons.
You become infected by self-replicating microscopic machines called nanites which are now bonded to your molecular structure. You can create, shape & manipulate nanites, machines or robots whose components are at or near the scale of a nanometre. This allows the manipulation of matter on an atomic, molecular, and supramolecular scale. These are the Omega Nanite Machines Rex acquires later in the series. Currently, your nanites function at the molecular level, but as time progress you'll be able to use them to make smaller nanites: first on the atomic level, then subatomic Picotech, then finally quark-Femtotech.
Your body produces a constant supply of nanomachines, which can augment your body in any way & repair/reinforce/upgrade any object. The nanites give you the following capabilities.
Control over your body on the cellular level allowing you to shape it as you desire, giving you an excellent healing factor, healing the user's injuries at an accelerated rate, allowing them to regenerate before any normally fatal injuries could kill them. It's also capable of augmenting your physical characteristics such as strength, durability, vision to superhuman levels.
The tiny robots that the user's control can be programmed to build, destroy and cover themselves with metal. They can produce a suit of skintight armor that harden different parts of his skin in response to physical trauma, made of sentient nano-bytes that covers your body & is nearly indestructible yet still very agile. Combined with your increased healing speeds, this renders you virtually indestructible to nearly any form of blunt force.
The ability to assimilate technology regardless of its complexity into your being. Once you do your nanites will reverse engineer it & store the blueprint to reproduce it at any point in the future you desire. You can use this feature to upgrade or merge different styles of technology that you've assimilated.
The ability to transform your body or parts of it into weapons or equipment & generate them at will. Be aware though of using some of them underwater as they might make you sink like a rock until you discover how to make lighter but durable materials.
Release the nanites from your body as a cloud to act as a Nanoswarm. You could use it as a deadly weapon to consume anything in your path or as a construction tool to build cities out of nothing, raise crops out of dirt, building a robot army or conduct mega-engineering projects. The bigger the cloud the more you can accomplish.
The nanites give you immunity to grey goo & nano-infections & will in fact fight to subsume control of such events.
You can place nanites in someone body such as the brain to either control them or download skills or memories. Their body to mutate, heal them or regulate body function.
You gain the ability to control & communicate to technology through technopathy via either physical contact or a mental connection. This allows you to control any form of technology regardless of its complexity as if it were your own limb. Even having it remotely assemble itself. You remain completely undetectable when interfacing with technology mentally.
This allows you to intercept, generate and interpret electronic wireless transmissions making you a mobile hotspot. You can read e-mails & text messages as they are being transmitted, even before they are received. You could also send messages directly from your mind.
This also doubles as a Brain to Computer Interface, allowing you to sense technology & mentally interface with it. This could be used to download/upload information from a device or the internet, manipulate data, create cyber duplicates, synchronize with AI's, etc.
Your mind is completely safe when you do so. It's unable to be corrupted, hacked, subverted, infected with viruses, overloaded, etc. while connected. It'll always come back the way you intend.
Like Rex you can transform your entire body into your full EVO form, a building sized giant robot. You can customize its appearance.
It can also be activated at will, you won't lose your memories, & retain complete control.
The nanite are linked to you mentally & tied to your biometrics as such they can only be controlled by you.
They're unable to be hacked/ hijacked, subverted, corrupted or infected by others.
They're hardened to the point that they'll shrug of the Melding Plague, Exsurgent Virus & EMPs.
They won't go out of control & cause a Grey Goo or Nanite Event.
Your nanites won't malfunction should when under extreme pressure or in situations of extreme stress. Should a situation as such arise they'll switch to auto-pilot mode to defend you.
You also have the five Master-Control Nanites (gravity, matter, & anti-matter, space-time, energy, & mechanics.) in your possession. The only problem is that they're still programmed to only obey Rex. As such you're unable to access their full powers you're only granted one-fifth of their full power. You'll need time to reactivate & reprogram them to your use.
You have full knowledge how these powers work & the best ways to use them and you won't be overwhelmed by the sheer number of powers you have.
Your powers cannot be suppressed, copied, altered, nullified or affected negatively against your will & will not malfunction or have control loss of.
Your nanites & anything you collect & modify is blackboxed so that's it impossible to reverse engineer without help on your part. You may choose to disable blackboxed tech for things you want to share or don’t care not to share.
You are capable of empowering others by infecting them with nanites.
People whom you empower are unable to use the abilities given to rebel or work against you.
You can severe this connection at any point & cure them of their nanites or just cause them to mutate into hostile EVOs.
You also receive the following equipment. It can be summoned to you from any location. If destroyed, damaged, or lost it'll automatically be recreated when you next summon it.
The Galvanic Mechamorph Upgrade Suit from the crossover. It has the additional features of having the same properties of the Stealth Suit, as well as like the Techno-Organic Iron Man Symbiote armor & nanosuit capable of changing into whatever type of clothing you desire.
A set of Rex's Googles capable of seeing in infrared, night, microscopic, nano, telescopic, & x-ray vision.

Essence of the Chronon Particle (Quantum Break) - By consuming this essence, you gain the ability to manipulate the Meyer-Joyce field, a field that maintains the linear flow of time throughout the entire universe.
The concept of time as a silly attempt to hide the truth that everything that will happen has already happened in an infinite number of ways and in an infinite number of converging time lines. Through exposure to Chronon particles, you gain the ability to influence the Chronon field around you allowing you to manipulate & control time itself at will.
As a shifter, your ability allows you to slow, freeze, reverse, accelerate time to become a blur while dashing, presumably moving fast enough outside the a normal time flow that enemies will lose or cannot track you. You can also create time/ groundhog day loops/ close timelike curves in a given area were time repeats itself in a never ending cycle except for the people or things that he chooses to free. Additionally, you can create shields to protect yourself or freeze an isolated pocket of time to halt an enemy. You could choose to do this only on yourself, multiple people or given area. Accelerate enemies & age them death or reverse time around a person or object to restore them to a prior state.
As a bonus you'll gain Paul Serene ability of precognition, which allows you to foresee events in the future before they happen & can choose to take the actions necessary to make the timeline you chooses happen as predicted. You have perfect awareness of the immediate future, & can focus on a single target for faster information. Sense the possible courses of action for the target, & can see what consequences will happen for each action you or the target person can make & accelerate them along the path of their desire, which causes them to reach the conclusion of the path taken. This allows you to make long-term predictions of behavior & activity. When your abilities develop enough you'll be able to see both the past & all possible futures with perfect clarity. Being able to perceive the time-stream playing out the user can manipulate any of the infinite potential outcome creating other possible futures they can predict flawlessly and let them come to past.
As a shifter you're otherwise immune to the effect of temporal manipulation by existing outside the linear flow of time & causally separated from the universe. Meaning your unable to be rewritten out of history, zero-summed or paradoxed out by having your parent killed before your born, you're fully capable of surviving the cause of your existence being erased. have your timeline altered by outside forces, have your aged, de-aged, frozen in time, slowed down in time or be caught in time/ groundhog day loops. In the event of the timeline being rewritten you'll occupy the current spot you were in or the next safe spot.
Your Chronon abilities grow stronger & develop the more you uses them. Eventually you'll be able to visit the Big Bang or even travel to the very End of Time when entropy consumes all. However, like all shifters, you runs the risk of being affected by the Chronon energy, & eventually will enter the final stage of Chronon syndrome.
In the final stage of Chronon syndromes Shifters will enter a state of quantum superposition. They're capable of existing as all possible past, present & future versions of themselves, existing both everywhere & nowhere when they desire. Shifters are capable of appearing anywhere they wish. They are also quite physically formidable, but their biggest threat is the distortion field around them. It warps the properties of the space surrounding them, exerting great physical stress and unpredictable forces on its surroundings. Close proximity to a Shifter may be fatal even if no actual physical contact takes place. They are essentially mobile repositories of vast amounts of Chronon Particles, & that they can only exist in a zero state an area which has been depleted of Chronon particles, typically by a fault in the Meyer-Joyce field that encompasses the universe. Shifters by their nature are violent, driven by physical pain & react violently to movement. But, you're capable of ignoring the pain & maintain hold of your identity & your physical form without the need of Chronon-laced drops.
While in this state you're capable of accessing the skills & knowledge of all possible versions of yourself in a given universe as well as assuming control of said possibility or allow them access to your powers.
all his ancestors both human and pre-human, terrestrial and pre-terrestrial
Prior to this state you'll initially be unable to change the past without creating an alternate timeline. When you reach this state, you'll be able to jump between timelines at will including your original being able to even alternate your personal timeline without repercussion. You perceive the past, present, and future as one, existing at all points in time simultaneously.
You're capable of setting anchor points so that you're capable of identifying & returning to your original timeline as well as any that you've been to previously.
You have full knowledge how these powers work & the best ways to use them and you won't be overwhelmed by the sheer number of powers you have.
Your powers cannot be suppressed, copied, altered, nullified or affected negatively against your will & will not malfunction or have control loss of.
You are capable of empowering others by exposing them to Chronon particles.
People whom you empower are unable to use the abilities given to rebel or work against you.
You can severe this connection at any point & recall these powers back to you.
You also receive access to the End of Time. A sort of temporal singularity, created when time itself ceases to exist and past and future overlap in a permanent zero state.
Only you & those you designate can access this dimension & you can revoke access at any point in time.
The End of Time is occupied by billions of Shifters, they're not hostile to you or those you allow to enter.

Civilization: Beyond Earth - Essence of the Affinities
A complete replica of the planet in a sealed pocket dimension, accessible via portal or teleportation (this is accomplished by willing it,) to only you & those you allow. IT comes complete with Progenitor ruins, artifacts, & marvels. You can choose where to start your colony.
Only you & those you designate can access this dimension & you can revoke access at any point in time.
The planet will still have the hazardous conditions that make it toxic to ordinary humans, although you & your followers
aren't affected by this.
You have complete control of the planets lifeforms. They're unable to rebel, work or act out negatively against you.
A STL spaceship that brought your faction from Earth. It still stocked with the supplies that you need to colonize the new world. You can summon it or its cargo to your location from anywhere. If destroyed or lost they'll simply be recreated next time you try to summon it.
Complete access to the Tech Tree & wonders, (including DLC,) regardless of which of the affinities it belong to.
Once you've conducted the appropriate research & have the required amount of resources needed you can desired object instantly assembled in a location of your choosing.
Ability to change your affinity to any you've unlocked at will & back to your original form whenever you desire. You retain all the abilities of the affinities that you've unlocked regardless of what form you're in.
You can choose to be the leader of any of the 12 countries that appear in game or design one of your own. Regardless you receive the following.
All the skills needed for creating & managing a successful planetary government.
A contingent of followers loyal to your cause & willing to do anything to see it completed.
Completely maxed out on all virtues with all bonuses.
All your units start at Tier 2, with the resources reflecting it.
Can optionally choose to max out the tech tree, regardless of which of the affinities it belong to. Complete with resources & requirements to build it all.
Can optionally be dropped into the setting, at the beginning of the game after arriving at planet.

Galactic Civilizations - Essence of the Mithrilar
You absorb the power of the three Mithrilar destroyed when they used the Telenanth, ascending to their level. The Mithrilar are creators of all life as we know it, within the local galaxy, as well as the creators of the Arnor & the Dread Lords the first of the races in the Milky Way.
Your powers cannot be suppressed, copied, altered, nullified or affected negatively against your will & will not malfunction or have control loss of.
A planetary population of Arnor & Dread Lords to serve as your servitors.
They're completely loyal, unable to rebel, work or act out negatively against you.
A planet of your own design, in a location of your choosing with enough resources to jumpstart your interstellar colonization effort.
You can teleport to this planet from anywhere, at point you desire.
Complete access to the Tech Tree regardless of which species it belong to from the entire series, (including DLC.) This includes the tech of the Armor & Dread Lords as well as Precursor tech such as the Terran Shield, the Bane, & the Telenanth.
Once you've conducted the appropriate research & have the required amount of resources needed you can desired object instantly assembled in a location of your choosing.
All the skills needed for creating & managing a successful space empire.
Can optionally choose to max out the tech tree series wide, regardless of which species it belong to.
Can optionally be dropped into the Galactic Civilizations setting. At the beginning of any of the three games. (Galactic Civilizations 1, 2, or 3.)

Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri - Essence of the Firaxians
You become the faction leader of the Firaxians, a secret faction that snuck aboard the Unity Spaceship before Earth's destruction with knowledge of Singularity Mechanics. Due to the lack of information, no one really has any opinion about them, meaning you start with a blank slate & fresh start. Regardless you receive the following.
All the skills needed for creating & managing a successful planetary government.
A contingent of followers loyal to your cause & willing to do anything to see it completed.
Complete access to the Tech Tree, including the ones from the Alien Crossfire expansion as well as the Progenitor factions.
A complete replica of the UNS Unity, a STL spaceship that ferried human from the doomed Earth to Chiron. It still stocked with the supplies that the colonist need to colonize the new world. You can summon it or its cargo to your location from anywhere. If destroyed or lost they'll simply be recreated next time you try to summon it.
A complete replica of Chiron in a sealed pocket dimension, accessible via portal or teleportation (this is accomplished by willing it,) to only you & those you allow.
Only you & those you designate can access this dimension & you can revoke access at any point in time.
The planet will still have the hazardous conditions that make it toxic to ordinary humans, although you & your followers aren't affected by this.
You have complete control of the planets lifeforms. They're unable to rebel, work or act out negatively against you.
You can replace the Planet Mind with a copy of your own conciseness if you desire, making you the undisputed ruler of Chiron. Or simply kickstart the Ascent to Transcendence.
Once you've conducted the appropriate research & have the required amount of resources needed you can desired object instantly assembled in a location of your choosing.
Can optionally choose to max out the tech tree & acquire all Secret Projects. Complete with resources & requirements to build it all.
Can optionally be dropped into the setting, after the Unity arrives at Chiron before the Captain is killed.

Marvel - Essence of the Parliament of Doom - Consuming this Metallic Green Colored Essence will give you several boons.
The knowledge, powers, skills, & abilities of every iteration of Doom from the entire Marvel Multiverse past & present.
This includes: Doom from Old King Thor timeline (Earth-14412), Galactus Doom (Earth-TRN667), Ultimate Version (Earth-1610), Doctor Doomsday (Earth-9602), Doom from the movies, cartoons, etc.
This doesn't include forms that require external forces to maintain, such as: Infinity Gauntlet, or God Emperor Doom (who requires the Molecule Man) versions.
The Incredible Will of Doom, this allows you to endure incredibly amounts of pain, resist mind control, telepathy, confront eldritch & cosmic gods without fear & dominate the minds of others.
You lack his hubris that constantly results in his defeat & self-sabotage, unless chosen.
A very strong affinity of science & magic in addition to immense knowledge on occult.
Your face will never get disfigured or damaged regardless of what happens to you. You could take blast to face from supernovas, eldritch energy, cosmic blast, or antimatter & your face will remain immaculate, your body will still take damage though.
The body &/or physique of Dr Doom, (before his disfigurement,) being able to kill a lion with a single punch. If you so desire.
You have full knowledge how these powers work & the best ways to use them and you won't be overwhelmed by the sheer number of powers you have.
Your powers cannot be suppressed, copied, altered, nullified or affected negatively against your will & will not malfunction or have control loss of.
Access to all the technology & gadgets that any iteration of Doom has created. You can summon these items to your person from any location you're at. If destroyed, damaged, or lost they'll automatically be recreated when you next summon them. They're blackboxed so nobody but you can reverse engineer it, without your express permission.
A Power Siphon, that possess the ability to drain the powers & energy of beings & bestow them upon the user. You gain any powers stolen by Doom in the past.
Army of Doombots. They are designed with psionic disguising circuitry that is capable of fooling low level telepaths into accepting them as the real you. Their advanced A.I. program makes them believe themselves to be the real you, except when they are in your presence or another Doombot. They there to replace you whenever you cannot be present at a situation, or whenever you do not want to risk your life. You're capable of channeling your powers through them.
They're completely loyal, unable to rebel or work against you. Any attempt to reprogram them will cause them to self-destruct instead.
Every set of armor worn by Doom, as well as suit that has the combined abilities of every armor that he has worn.
Access to a small country the size of France in a sealed pocket dimension, accessible via portal or teleportation (this is accomplished by willing it,) to only you & those you allow. It's populated by followers loyal to your cause & willing to do anything to see it completed.
Only you & those you designate can access this dimension & you can revoke access at any point in time.

Marvel - Essence of the Mad Titan - Consuming this Purple Colored Essence will give you several boons.
The knowledge, powers, skills, & abilities of every of iteration of Thanos from the entire Marvel Multiverse past & present.
This include : Old King Thanos (Earth-TRN666), Cosmic Regulator Thanos (after absorbing everything), Ultimate Version (Earth-1610), Thanoseid (Earth-9602), etc. As well as those of his Thanosi.
This doesn't include form that require external forces to maintain, such as: Heart of the Universe, Infinity Gauntlet, or Cosmic Cube versions.
If you so desire you can have the body &/or physique of the Mad Titan. You can choose to change the color of your skin if purple not your color.
You lack his hubris & madness that constantly results in his defeat & self-sabotage, unless chosen.
As the Herald of Death allows you're able to kill anything even immortals. But, since the Herald of Death needs to be alive to accomplish this you're unable to ever die, even when the universe has been long dead you'll still be alive.
You have full knowledge how these powers work & the best ways to use them and you won't be overwhelmed by the sheer number of powers you have.
Your powers cannot be suppressed, copied, altered, nullified or affected negatively against your will & will not malfunction or have control loss of.
Access to all the technology & gadgets that any iteration of Thanos has created. You can summon these items to your person from any location you're at. If destroyed, damaged, or lost they'll automatically be recreated when you next summon them. They're blackboxed so nobody but you can reverse engineer it, without your express permission.
A Sanctuary class space station. Complete with AI, a holographic system that displays on the bridge a near-universal database (galactic history, technology, & civilizations) & a map of several 1000 nearby stars, & teleportation system that can send you anywhere in the universe. A force field that is so strong, it can withstand anything short of stellar energies and will also return the energy attack to the attackers. The ability to devastate planets via thermonuclear missiles or destroy stars via the "Star-Burster" ion cannon (which destabilizes a star, causing it to go supernova within hours). The ship has a hanger that can carry 100s of spacecraft, which are usually piloted by drones. It uses ionized plasma engines and is able to warp via either the subspace collapsar engine or thru the your own power.
Army of Loyal Soldiers: Outriders, robotic drones, anyone whose worked for Thanos in the past that wasn't a Black Order member. They're willing to do anything you order & unable to rebel or work against you.

Essence of the Time Lords (Dr Who) - Consuming this Bright Multi-Colored Essence will give you several boons.
The Time Lords could manipulate and interfere with higher-dimensions and the structure of reality itself to fit their needs, creating layers of Quantum Fields and Transduction Barriers around Gallifrey which twist and stretch across all of the eleven dimensions of reality, and having been the species responsible for the Universe having solidified into a solid, consistent cosmos governed by the laws of physics, rather than magic and pure irrationality completely removing almost all forms of magic from it.
You're now the hold the office of President of the Supreme Council of Gallifrey & All Her Dominions, Holder of the Wisdom of Rassilon, Preserver of the Matrix, Guardian of the Legacy of Omega, or simply Lord President or Lady President of the Time Lords.
A complete understanding of the universe & its inner workings. Everything seems to intuitively make sense to you. You can see a machine regardless of complexity for the first time & minutes later built it better than it's makers. Due to the complexity of expressing this information, you're unable to articulate it, as not a single person will understand what the hell you're talking about. Attempts to gleam it from your mind merely return static or cause psionic feedback that leave the person a mindless husk or kill them outright, fry incredibly advanced computers that try to understand it.
While Gallifreyans were externally identical in appearance to humans they had several biological differences internally.
You now gain two hearts, three brain stems, a respiratory bypass system, larger brains when compared to a human, lower body temperature & can control over your biological structure to a molecular level. As well as increased strength, endurance, reflexes, speed, senses & brain capacity higher than humanity. You have an increase resistance to electricity capable of surviving a blow that reduce a human to charred skeleton.
Increase brain capacity capable of rapidly & without mechanical aid perform an infinite number of unimaginable complex & simultaneous calculations, in your mind with minimal stimuli. You can quickly, simultaneously and perfectly analyze multiple information streams (e.g. threat assessment) & rapidly respond to changing tactical situations, by identifying the variables and quantum possibilities in any situation, & use this information to adjust the outcome to whichever is most favorable to you. Because of how your mind operates; you can process information quickly & this gives you a hyper-accelerated learning aptitude. You also possesses limitless information storage and retrieval, enhanced pattern solving/recognition, extremely high perception, and observational skills, perfect deductive/reasoning skills and investigative skills, superhuman strategic/tactical analytical skills, & an eidetic memory. You can calculate bullet trajectory probabilities on the fly, hold multiple trains of thought, compartmentalize your mind, discern a great amount of information on anything with a glance, consider intellectual problems even while asleep seeing through perception filters & make a nearly photographic drawing of anything you have seen.
Due to Symbiotic Nucleus the part of Time Lord cells that allowed for safe time travel. It gives them bodily regeneration, the ability to symbiotically link to a TARDIS and the ability to survive for short periods in the Vortex without immediate dissolution. This nucleus makes it so that Time Lords are ‘mapped’ onto the Vortex by their genetic investiture. This means, in effect, that a Time Lord’s ‘reality’ is very solid, and as a consequence is that much harder to change or erase. to serve earlier incarnations out of their respective timelines serves only to weaken a Time Lord rather than erase them outright, and the Blinovitch Limitation field around a time-knapped earlier incarnation is so strong that it is very difficult to do any permanent harm to them.
Nonphysical differences include:
Sense and feel the very earth moving & rotating, tell planets or blood types apart by smell or taste. Enhanced reaction speed to shoot bullet out of the air. Can sense other parts of the light spectrum such as ultraviolet light, & microwaves cloaked objects & people, night vision. They can visibly see higher & lower & other dimensional levels. When viewed by time sensitives and higher dimensional beings you appear more solid and 'real' than most creatures.
Various psychic abilities such as:
Instantly download or upload any information you like with a headbutt or through telepathy. Considering this is a time lord's mind, this could be a potentially devastating technique as humans can't handle a Timelord's psyche very well.
This also include erasing all memories of a person, hypnotizing them, establishing telepathic links or simply mind raping someone.
High resistance to psychic abilities, strong enough to resist assimilation by a planetary hive mind & with enough prep time you're able to trap conceptual entities or memetic parasites (less than a day,) within your mind.
Additional senses related with temporal awareness. Sensitivity to timelines, being able to see all that is, was, & ever could be. This frequently manifests as an instinct for future events, or a superhuman capacity for intuition, but can also manifest as the ability to remember possible futures & alternate timelines including those that never happened. Seeing how any decision or consequence will affect the timeline, identify fixed and non-fixed points, detect disturbances in time, & see when a person's timeline is unstable.
Time Lords are naturally shielded from hostile time phenomena due to existing partially outside of linear time and carrying their own field of 'temporal grace' with them. Allowing them to withstand many chronon-energy-based events better than most such as: Time schisms, time eddies, time distorts, time fields, time ruptures, time quakes. Recognize when a localized time loops is going on through immunity to it, resistant to time being slowed or stopped, walk through time barriers, survive time eddies & it impossible to remove you from the time stream unless you allow it. This also renders you as a unpredictable variable making it impossible to account for you in precognition, advance computing, etc. You're capable of extending these abilities to those travelling with or near you.
Moreso you're freely able to cross or alter your own timeline in any way you desire being unaffected by any changes unless you desire. This means your Biodata is likewise unable to tampered with or manipulated by anyone being so heavily warded that only the Six Fold God could begin to comprehend it. You're free to view it with impunity without it becoming a fixed point.
The ability to quantum lock unstable moments of history so they only have a single outcome that you desire. Or simply banish undesired possibilities to Oxbow realities or the Axis, an extradimensional facility that holds time lines that the Time Lords consider too dangerous to be allowed to exist or even not exist, where they are cut off from the rest of the multiverse, unable to cause harm to reality.
The ability to Regenerate into a new form with a complete physical & often psychological change gaining new attributes along the way. This results in you adapting in response to threats and adverse situations, adapt to grow better capable of dealing with any given issue; this can mean growing to become more resistant to certain methods of attack and certain abilities, developing new powers to better defend one's self, or just becoming more powerful to become an even greater threat. This can activated as a result of fatal injury, severe illness, old age/fatigue, or invoked by choice, if you seek to change your appearance or gender. Each regeneration cycle last for about 1000 years.
You're able to lend regenerative energy to others to heal them.
Alternatively, if you so choose you could shed your corporeal bodies & become creatures of consciousness alone, one that would escape the effects of time & of cause & effect.
A complete replica of the planet Galifrey, the homeworld of the Timelords. It's contained in a sealed pocket dimension under your complete control. You're capable of projecting cloneworlds of it outside of the pocket dimension or to any location you desire that are protected by the Transduction Barrier & Quantum Forcefields.
Only you & those you designate can access or use this dimension & its facilities you can revoke access at any point in time.
This realm cannot be destroyed, corrupted, or sealed.
The capitol contains a complete database of Timelord knowledge, weaponry, & technology throughout their entire history. In addition to the facilities to reproduce it all at your command. In addition to the Time Vaults which contains the Omega Arsenal as well as other Timelord Superweapons such as the Armageddon Sapphire, Artron Cannons, Klypstromic Warheads, the Eye of Harmony which powers everything & give you the ability to travel through time & the Eye of TIme.
You're capable of accessing this database from your TARDIS.
As a Timelord or Timelady you receive the following items for your journey you can summon them from anywhere to your person:
A Sonic Screwdriver with infinite energy that’s capable of not only unlocking deadlock seals & unlocking TARDIS's that have been manual locked, but is effective against wood. Your TARDIS is capable of updating your version to the latest model as it's released.
A De-Mat Gun, a weapon that once fired, rewrites all of creation & history itself so the target's physical form never existed, leaving them as a naked, incorporeal soul, cut off from causality itself, leaving no memory of them behind.
A dashing longcoat that's self-cleaning with bottomless pockets that always fits you regardless of your appearance. You're capable of customizing its appearance. What you need will always be at the top when you reach into it.
Time And Relative Dimension In Space Timeship. This can be any model of your choice: Type 40, Type 102, or War TARDIS. It come with an undamaged Chameleon circuit allowing you to customize how it looks on the outside.
You also gain the following as the Lord President.
A mental connection to the Heavenly Paradigm, a machine which scans the entire timeline & ensures one always makes the best possible choices, being capable of affecting whole races and civilizations.
The ability to place time locks. A time lock, or temporal lock, was a mechanism whereby an event or series of events was rendered unreachable by time travel, blocking off a section of the Time Vortex. The effect described as being like a wall. A time lock could seal a planet inside a spacetime envelope, wiping it out of history.
All the Items of Rassilon: The Black Scrolls, Crown, Coronet, Gauntlet, Harp, Record, Ring, Rod, Sash, & Tomb. Feel free to change their name.
They are now keyed so that only you can use them. You meaning no clones, temporal duplicates, alternate universe selves, mirror versions, etc.
All your technology is blackboxed so nobody but you can reverse engineer it, without your express permission.
Any item if destroyed, damaged, or lost it'll automatically be recreated when you next summon it.
Your technology & abilities function as is regardless of what universe you're in or their laws, concepts, etc.
You are capable of creating other Timelords or Timeladies via continuous exposure to the Time Vortex, giving them regeneration energy or having them graduate the Timelord Academy.

Essence of the Wubba Lubba Dub-Dub (Rick & Morty) - Consuming this Swirling Green Colored Essence will give you several boons.
You gain the intelligence on par with Rick C-137 (TV Rick) & C-132 (Comic Rick) without all the depression & alcoholism
Even if you jump to another body with insufficient faculties your intelligence won't be diminished.
Your knowledge cannot be suppressed, copied, altered, nullified or affected negatively against your will & will not malfunction or have control loss of.
You gain perfect/ infinite memory storage & processing power with instant recall, indexing creativity, learning capability & control over your thought process. In addition you will gain all necessary mental faculties to process and utilize these abilities while maintaining uninterrupted consciousness.
Gain practically infinite trains of thought & ability to multitask.
Access to all the technology & gadgets that any iteration of Rick has created. You can summon these items to your person from any location you're at. If destroyed, damaged, or lost they'll automatically be recreated when you next summon them. They're blackboxed so nobody but you can reverse engineer it, without your express permission.
A FTL Ship capable of traveling anywhere in a given universe & comes with Omniversal travel.
A Portal Gun with infinite energy capable of travelling anywhere in the Omniverse, that you desire.
A flask of infinite alcohol of your choice.
A replica of the Citadel.
A collection of Pocket Mortys' of your choice to serve as your assistants. They're completely loyal, unable to rebel, work against you, or even think about doing so without safeguards activating.

Essence of the Messiahs (Shin Megami Tensei) - Consuming this Black, White, & Grey colored Essence you'll become a human of great power whose Observation can create a path for all mankind.
A Messiah is an special human incarnated into the world by the Great Will itself, to serve as its eyes. As a Messiah you have all the abilities that entails. Messiahs are basically the Axiom's Observational terminals, the Great Will (the binding force of the universe, from which everything originates, & will eventually return to. Existing beyond time, space & the infinite cycle of transmigration,) Observes the world through their eyes.
All humans can use Observation to some degree, which changes reality to match the user’s subjective experiences. As a Messiah, you can affect beings on the level of YHVH (who controls all of existence/everything in an infinite multiverse including Non-Euclidian Space,) easily due to your connection to The Axiom/Great Will. As such you're capable of doing battle with beings capable of easily creating, shaping & destroying multiverses containing countless parallel worlds, & beings who are vastly superior to them, & of reproducing these powers effortlessly, having managed to proceed through them with nothing but brute force. As well as being capable of administrating & manipulating all concepts that comprise the world and define its past, present & future, maintaining the existence of the very concept of time across infinity, and of overwriting universes and their past and future with new ones containing different laws, completely destroy beings of nothingness with nothing but normal attacks, control the primordial void of nothingness that consumes and erases everything that comes in contact with it, even concepts and the Information that comprises reality on a fundamental level as if they were merely Information on a computer program.
Observation is described as being the power to "assign an answer to that which has no answer" & give form and structure to the formless. It is an abstract force, and a power granted by The Axiom to Humans, which shapes reality itself on a fundamental level, & the reason concepts and phenomena are personified into living beings, in the form of Gods & Demons, as well as the reason many of them are debased as being Demons or Saints by latter religions and different faiths, as the collective understanding & perception of Humans is capable of reshaping their very nature, either giving them consciousness, & raising them as Supreme Gods or latter turning them into mere fallen demons and angels whose powers are but a pale shadow of the might they once held. Although all Humans possess the power of Observation to small degrees, it is normally needed entire civilizations of them to affect reality in a meaningful way to create and shape Gods and Demons. However, as a Messiah, a special individual bestowed by The Axiom itself upon humanity in times of need, Messiah's powers of Observation vastly exceed that of normal Humans, being fully capable of reproducing feats that would take hundreds of Humans by themselves, being capable of debasing even Transcendental Supreme Gods such as YHVH, who had his Omnipotence & connection to the world he embodied denied in the Final Battle, demonizing his nature and reducing him to a state that could be slayed without destroying all of existence & allowing him to be permanently killed in spite of ties with The Axiom itself.
The minds & souls of humans exist as a neutral monism which transcends the dichotomy of corporeality & non-corporeality making you superior to both.
As a Messiah of the Great Will you're immune to fate, destiny, prophecy, karma, & all such similar things. Your destiny is your own and no amount of curses or prophecies can decide the course of your life going forward whether be the Law, Chaos, or Neutral paths.
Access to every spell used in the Shin Megami Tensei series by a Messiah regardless of medium used to cast it such as being able to use Magatama abilities without having any. As well as access to every demon capable of being summoned using the Demon Summoning Program.
Demons summoned are completely loyal, unable to rebel, work or act out negatively against you.
You have full knowledge how these powers work & the best ways to use them and you won't be overwhelmed by the sheer number of powers you have. These abilities function as is regardless of what universe you're in or their laws, concepts, etc.
Your powers cannot be suppressed, copied, altered, nullified or affected negatively against your will & will not malfunction or have control loss of.
Should you ever be destroyed regardless of the severity, (all the way to having the very concept or existence erased from nonexistence alongside the entire multiverse past, present & future,) you'll merely be returned to The Axiom to reform.

Essence of the Force Barrier (DC Comics) - By consuming this Essence you become the embodiment for the energies of the Speed, Still, Sage, Strength, & Forever forces.
You’ve gain a connected to the extra-dimensional sources of energy known as the Speed, Still, Sage, Strength, & Forever forces. As well as becoming the embodiment & generator for their energies.
The Speed Force is a cosmic force based around velocity and movement. It is the representation of reality in motion, being the very cosmic force that pushes space and time forward. In short it makes you go really, really, really fast when you want to. When you want to, you are able to move at thousands of times the speed of sound and this speed will only grow with time and practice reaching light speed then faster. You’ve got the reactions and agility to keep up with that speed, even when not moving at your full speed, and those combined with your speed allow you to run over water, walls or even the ceiling. Your incredible speed allows you to heal from wounds at a much faster rate, including fully healing bullet wounds in just minutes. When using the speed force, you’ll be able to manipulate your own momentum, allowing you to generate incredibly powerful blows when moving at high speeds yet also being able to stop on a dime and avoid any negative side effects of moving at the speed that you do. This momentum control is also accompanied by control over vibrations, which allows you to disrupt the molecular stability of other things or to make yourself go intangible. In time you may even figure out how to use this vibration control to cross over into other dimensions or become fast enough to travel through time. The speed force also allows you to generate electricity with your speed and while it will take practice, you can learn to utilize and even weaponize this electricity generating power.
You're surrounded by a "friction cushion", which provides protection from the nastier elements of super speed, including friction, airborne particulate matter, kinetic impacts, G-Force and the like. You can choose to turn off if you like allowing to generate sonic booms when you run.
Through the Speed Force you can when time has been manipulated and sense things disrupting the space-time continuum
You also gain the Speed Mind by tapping into the Speed Force with your mind, meaning you can think so fast go through every possible outcome of a scenario, calculating an infinite number of possibilities, and choose the optimal one even when comatose.
The Negative Speed Force was created by Eobard Thawne as a negative version of the Speed Force. It is an extra-dimensional field of negative energy that eats away at the regular Speed Force like a cancer and can consume any speedster connected to it by touch. The Negative Speed Force grants the users all of the abilities that the positive Speed Force does, such as the power to move at vast superhuman speeds, as well as superhuman physical characteristics, regenerative healing, enhanced mental capabilities and perception, lightning generation, molecular control, and the power to traverse throughout both time and dimensions. Some abilities the Negative Speed Force grants that the positive Speed Force does not are: the ability to negate Speed Force users' powers, the power to absorb memories from others, and the power to alter one's age at will, as well as tearing out Negative Speed Force from others without killing them. Also, Negative Speed Force users have the ability to accurately time travel without devices such as the Cosmic Treadmill very easily, not having to run at the Speed of Light, a perk from the Negative Speed Force, along with entering the Speed Force at a similar speed. Negative Speed Force conduits generate large amounts of electrical energy that they draw from the Negative Speed Force. The color of the lightning varies from red, black, and purple. Unlike positive Speed Force lightning, Negative Speed Force lightning does not act like normal electricity -- It is far more destructive and can cause objects to explode on contact. The protective aura manifested by the Negative Speed Force also is far more destructive than the normal Speed Force's aura. It can cause objects such as bullets to incinerate before they can hit the speedster. The aura also builds up every time the speedster is dealt damage and will eventually release an explosion.
The Positive & Negative Speed Forces exists in equilibrium within you, allowing you to use both at the same time without issue or consequence.
The Still Force is a cosmic force based around entropy and inertia and the counter-energy to the Speed Force. Connection to the Still Force allows whoever taps into it to negate motion, baring the potential to induce and accelerate the force of entropy. The Still Force can be used for deceleration or even halting of the conduit's aging. Negate motion in any way feasible, such as halting physical objects such as people, bullets and cars and return them to their natural state if you desire. Drain the forces that push life forwards, effectively allowing you to drain a person's life until they're dead, or create physical constructs of its power.
The Strength Force is a cosmic force based around land, gravity, density and mass shifting; all of which centered around the Force of Motion. Through it, the user can change their relativity in relation to its strength output. Essentially learning to change and alternate aspects of themselves by increasing/decreasing gravitomic inception. Allowing the user or anything they choose to affect as infinitely heavier, tougher, denser and/or muscularly more robust. Using it on oneself causes a sharp increase in size alongside muscular density in the chosen host. Making them bigger, stronger and next to invulnerable. It also boasts a geokinetic/geothermic component as it often wreathed the users body in stone or fiery rock, as well as caused the earth to shift at their beck and call. The host comes with the ability to manipulate their physiological semblance by either strengthening or weakening certain aspects of it.
The Sage Force is a cosmic force based around physiological regeneration and mental evolution. It seems to enhance the intelligence of its conduits to super-genius levels as well as granting them psychic powers such as telepathy and telekinesis. as the force of mind also pushes the psyche and the body to grow and evolve beyond its initial physical limitations. Individuals who come under the Sage Force's influence are enwrapped within the fire of thought itself, appearing to burst into flames when touched by it. The sage force seemingly has the capacity to be better utilized through technological means. Various mechanical apparatuses constructed through the force's power enables it's user to bring their thoughts to life. It also enables the wielder to teleport over vast distances.
The Forever Force is a cosmic force based around time. You gain a localize version of Chronokinesis. The ability to alter time relative to yourself. You can use this ability to move at "speeds" rivaling those of even Wally West, fastest of the Flashes, and usually, "faster" than the speeds that even Wally can muster in most cases. This uses time travel to run fast, as you time travel with every step you take. This means you have the power to control your personal timeline, speeding up your own timeline to run faster and slows down your own timeline to move slower. The temporal nature of your speed allows you to avoid the usual problems encountered by other Flash-type speedsters (friction, seeing and hearing at such near-light speeds, etc.), whose automatic and unconscious use of the Speed Force overcomes those problems. As you're moving at a normal velocity, and the rest of the world is "slow", those hindrances simply do not affect you. The Forever Force allows you glimpses of the past and allows you to look through time at will.
The powers & abilities demonstrated by every user of these forces from the entire DC Universe past & present.
Your powers are also generated independently of the Force Barrier. Meaning you can both use & generate the required energies of the different forces regardless of circumstances, even if the force in question is destroyed.
You have full knowledge how these powers work & the best ways to use them and you won't be overwhelmed by the sheer number of powers you have.
Your powers cannot be suppressed, severed, corrupted, copied, altered, nullified or affected negatively against your will & will not malfunction or have control loss of. These abilities function as is regardless of what universe you're in or their laws, concepts, etc.
You will gain all necessary physical & mental faculties to process and utilize these abilities while maintaining uninterrupted consciousness.
You are capable of empowering others by imbuing them with the force energy you desire.
People whom you empower are unable to use the abilities given to rebel or work against you. You can severe this connection at any point.

Essence of the Matter Master - By consuming this Essence you'll gain the power to shape the physical world with nothing but will alone.
You near-limitless psionic ability to mentally control, transform, and manipulate anything up to a continent in size so long as composed of matter or energy near instantaneously. This range will continue to grow exponentially the more you use your power. Within a year you'll be able to affect everything on earth, the year after that everything within 1 AU. With time you'll be able to control and shape all matter from the macrocosm down to the microcosm, on a multiversal scale.This does the Law of Conservation of Mass & Energy allowing you to create (either ex nilho or draw elementary particles from the void,) or destroy both entirely.
You can create, shape, manipulate, summon, destroy and customize all possible forms of matter (shape all scales/sizes of matter), whether organic or inorganic, baryonic or non-baryonic, etc., from the macro-scale down to the planck scale, allowing them to control the workings and structure of matter regardless of its level and size, including celestial/cosmic bodies, atoms, molecules, particles, quarks, strings, branes, and even the quantum foam, the smallest level and foundation of reality as we currently know it.
This includes converting it from one form to another, (solids, liquids, gases, & energy.) As well as controlling it in those forms.
The finesse to manipulate prions in a persons body or the electrons in a machine.
Exotic matter, forms of matter with "exotic properties". Exotic matter can be matter with "exotic" physical properties that defy the known laws of physics, such as dark matter; antimatter; tachyons, that have negative mass or "imaginary" mass, allowing them to either reverse the laws of physics or simply go faster than the speed of light. It can also be hypothetical particles that have capabilities well within the laws of physics, states of matter that aren't commonly encountered, like quark-gluon plasma or Bose-Einstein condensates, or states of matter poorly understood like dark matter, or normal matter placed under high pressure. They can manipulate matter from alternate timelines, dimensions, universes, etc., using their immense power to pluck it from one of the aforementioned categories and materialize it to your location. Along with this, the user can also create new types of matter and imbue them with properties of their choosing, creating matter not of the normal variety. For example, a user could create matter that has properties or a structure that defies the established laws of physics.
Primordial Particles, which is the initial state of all things. Manipulate the primordial particles that act as the building blocks for everything, including the subsequent ancient matter and energy that would come afterward. Unlike regular particles, however, these do not exist in forms (photon, tachyon, etc) but are completely undifferentiated and singular. Even concepts such as magic, cosmic and primordial power. It all falls under one big category that is the primordial particle.
Absorb and manipulate infinite amounts of energy; energy which can be utilized for an infinite amount of purposes which are solely limited by your willpower and imagination.
Gain a complete awareness of and control over all atomic and subatomic particles within your range.
Animate inanimate materials by causing constant mass movement of molecules: for example, make a brick building walk. Rearrange molecules so radically, to reconfigure all forms of matter and them into different substances and forms (such as, for example, turning air into complex machinery, arrows to butterflies, people to sand, nothing to something & vice versa), and can change matter into energy and back again. Move it or transmute it however you like, gaining perfect, instinctive knowledge how to shape & transmute objects. Create force fields and energy blasts, and also open up wormholes through hyperspace and traverse them, thus travelling faster than light.
Once he effects a change in the arrangement of molecules in a quantity of matter, it remains in its new configuration until you consciously changes it back. Even if rendered unconscious, the transformed substances remain. You can even affect the molecules of matter with mystical properties, matter fashioned by vast cosmic power, and matter composed of the most impervious materials devised by man. The process of molecular manipulation does not cause you any more exertion than performing simple arithmetic.
You have full knowledge how these powers work & the best ways to use them and you won't be overwhelmed by the sheer number of powers you have.
Your powers cannot be suppressed, severed, copied, corrupted, altered, nullified or affected negatively against your will & will not malfunction or have control loss of. These abilities function as is regardless of what universe you're in or their laws, concepts, etc.
You will gain all necessary physical & mental faculties to process and utilize these abilities while maintaining uninterrupted consciousness.

Essence of the Space Master - Consuming this Essence will make distance becomes a mere intellectual concept allowing you to manipulate & control space as you desire.
All things are related; space is an illusion; all things exist in one place, all tied together by the fibers of a single concept. In your presence, distance and space mean nothing. Allowing you to manipulate space anyway you see fit.
Its most basic power allows one to move themselves, others & any object to the user's desired destination at will instantaneously, even if those two points are in two separate realities, without the use of physical contact to any place they can picture in their mind or think of; the distance is irrelevant when moving anything, (be it other planets, galaxies, universes & dimensions,) location (move someone from South America to Asia while being in Europe,) or preventive measures, such as walls or spells. Blinking out of existence in one place & reappearing at your destination.
You displace matter & energy in the area you teleport into in addition you have a sixth sense of where you teleport, so you don’t teleport into objects unless you desire to. Alternatively you can teleport objects into other objects or beings or simply telefrag them.
You're precise enough to teleport the air out of someone's lungs, organs nano-objects or substances (be poisons, bacteria, or even molecules,) out of someone's body, transport a suit of armor around your body or a weapon into your hand in times of danger. In time you could teleport the appropriate particles from all over the universe and stack them together to create any object you desire.
Even perform a flicker transportation by disappearing when a weapon is fired at you & reappearing in the exact same location without being injured.
Alternatively you can create portals (as many as you desire) to travel interstellar distances or dimensions, instantaneously by creating a wormhole through space. You may create portals anywhere you can imagine with but a thought, or reflexively if you are in danger. These portals may take any dimensions you wish, ranging from flat planes, to wormholes, to three and even fourth dimensional objects. Likewise you may alter your portals as you please, changing their shape or size and moving them as you please and altering their destination at will with but thought. They automatically compensates for a traveler's size, mass, velocity, & momentum when teleporting them from one place to another. You can toggle this feature if you desire. Once you open a portal, it lasts as long as you desire, remaining open only temporarily, opening and closing intermittently, or staying permanently where it was placed. You may "stick" these portals on any surface, cause them to remain in the air and move them at your will. You can create keys for your portals; certain objects, traits, phrases or gestures that allow access to the doorways one makes barring anyone without the key from passing through.
You are instantly aware of where any given portal leads, the conditions on the other side of it, who created it, how it was created, how to recreate it and how to collapse it, both safely and maliciously.
In combat you're able to use portals to attack opponents, open several of them at once & strike through them with attacks from any angle redirect attacks or, open up portal into complete nothingness to banish things to.
You may alter the permeability of the portals, allowing you to reach into, alter, or perceive the other side without risk of environmental hazards or detection. Alternatively you may allow the external environment to permeate and impart all its hazards and even gravitational force through the portal you create. In theory, opening a wormhole in the center of the sun & the other end on a planet incinerating it before anyone notice or open one in the middle of Jupiter, with the other end next to a black hole. You may choose what occurs whenever a portal closes, whether it leaves a perfect cut, warps space around the target in strange alien ways or shunts the interference from one side to the other is up to you. Likewise interactions around the edges of your portals are also at your discretion in much the same manner that things occur when portals are closed.
You're capable of extending your senses beyond their current location remotely observe a location in realtime with all your senses without being detected yourself, split their perceptions over various locations, allowing them to see multiple places simultaneously, viewing other universes, whole cities, anyone or everyone. Additionally, you can bestow you perception of alterations of the fabric of space upon others.
A higher understanding of positioning of objects in space, affording you greater accuracy or detection through means other than sight (in case one is blinded or otherwise vision-impaired). You can perceive in a 360 degree arc of vision or track the movements of an item one wishes to keep an eye on. Allowing you to detect warping and alterations to the fabric of local space.
Regardless of whether or not you can observe them with your senses, you can be aware of any objects in your immediate area, know their dimensions and volume, and determine the exact distances between them. Further, you will always be able to determine your orientation (North/South, Up/Down, etc), and you may detect spatial instabilities and anomalies, such as warps and wormholes.
Space manipulation is a vast field, you can warp, loop, bend, flip, crush, create, erase, compress, & control space according to your will, altering sizes & volumes, stretching distances, & willfully manipulating any objects that appear in spaceinstantaneously. More powerful abilities allow one to appear in multiple places at once through Bi-Location or place objects outside space entirely. Your abilities include but are not limited to:
You may travel without motion, disappearing and reappearing as you cross the illusion of distance. Altering the distance between objects contrary to the laws of physics via folding the very fabric of reality, such as shortening & lengthening the distance between two points is longer or shorter than it should be, allowing you to travel leagues, if not from planet to planet, with a single step. This can be used to increase the speed of the user or stretching your limbs.
Later on this can used to move the entire world around you to place you in a position that you desire, such as where you can easily defeat your enemy & win. Indeed, even if your target is on the other side of the world, the ability allows you to move the target towards you. It operates automatically, adjusting position & distance in such a way that none of the enemy's attacks can reach you & that you're in the ideal position to attack.
Bending space to cause a moving object or person to curve away from their destination while from their perspective they travel in a straight line, to put shields in your path, or ensure your attacks will always hit what you aim at.
Fold space or loop space so that whenever someone leaves a position or spot, they can effectively return to that position after a certain distance or spot (such as a door,) is reached. The user can thus return to any position they were before after going so far or after doing something. If you desire it, you may use your powers to transform a door into a portal to nearly anywhere else in the world.
Shrouding an area of space to make it unviewable or create zones of space so tightly warped that they're, effectively, sealed off from the rest of the universe. These shrouds are theoretically impenetrable from the outside even to scrying or remote senses, although they can be deactivated from inside.
Warp dimensional axis to create areas of impossible dimensions or non-euclid geometry; a hallway can be made to stretch out for miles, though it's in a building only thirty or forty meters across, or every exit in the building is made to lead back to its foyer. If you desire, you may ensnare others in twisting roads and winding paths with neither origin or destination.
One may warp space to allow two locales to exist within the same area of space without interacting with each other, or one can force them to interact, usually in a violent manner.
Merge chunks of space together, superimposing location on each other instead of creating a portal.
Wrap one’s opponents in spatial threads that prevent them from moving or bind them to a given location.
If necessary you may step into the gap between spaces, waiting in an impermanent tiny universe until you are needed. You may conceal locations within gaps in space, and twist the bonds of it to ensure that no mortal is ever able to find it.
Place yourself in a state of spatial intangibility, rendering you virtually untouchable by attacks via moving yourself to a different spatial axis.
Anchor a point, person or object in space, hindering or outright stopping attempts made by others from teleporting, creating portal or wormholes, or otherwise manipulating space in a given area. This can also be used to anchor thins to a specific area in space rendering things unmovable, (such as a gun to completely eliminate recoil or yourself).
You're capable of setting anchor points so that you're capable of identifying & returning to your original universe as well as any location that you've been to previously.
At your peak, space becomes more of a suggestion for you transcending the very concept of space.
You can be at all places in the universe at once simultaneously. Just as you are able to be in several places at once, so to may you draw objects, places and even other people into a similar disassociated state of being; allowing them to be in more than one place at the same time.
Attack everything within your range all at simultaneously, instantaneously and continuously. Distance is no longer an obstacle. Your capable of attacking an enemy that isn’t even in the same territory as you.
You are able to alter the amount of space an object takes up, reducing a house to the size of a cat, or making a lonely road stretch out near infinitely.
The ability of expanding space. This is not so much an extradimensional space, nor does it create a “bigger on the inside than the outside” effect. Instead, you literally creates more space. It expands the size of the universe on a minute scale. Instantly created atmosphere comes into being to fill the new space. If this technology is used near the ocean floor (or, in theory, on the ground on the surface), land also is created by the effect, as similar as possible to the original land at the point of activation. The device does not create living creatures or plants, nor any kind of organic material. You can use this to instantly create cavelike homes within what were once tiny crevices in a small rock, or to turn a small cave into a much larger one. It can be used it as a weapon to create empty spaces inside the bodies of their foes or used for defense to put space between yourself and a foe. Use of this technology over time or so can actually increase the size of Earth.
Move the universe around you rather then travel through it.
Travel to different any universe in the multiverse.
Know where everything in the universe is located, even if you’ve never been there; from the furthest stars to the closest electrons, the most massive black hole to the most microscopic germ. You can monitor all events down to individual quantum packets out to edge of the visible universe and in a multitude of alternate dimensions. It’s all in the back of your minds; all you need to do to is reach into your imagination & pull it out.
When in battle, no sanctum or fortress would be safe. An invading force could effectively be “teleported” anywhere. Asteroids could be dropped over major cities. Wormholes could be used to suck things out to orbit or to the center of the sun. Or create spatial distortions in order to inflict damage to the target occupying within the said space. Because it affects the very third-dimension that the target is occupying, it bypasses any and all physical defenses, and as such, cannot be blocked by conventional means. Also, since most attacks appear at the target location instantaneously, dodging is intensely difficult.
You can distort the space around you so enemy attacks turn away or distort people or things you comes near to tear them to pieces or turn things inside out. This aspect of power is versatile offensively & defensively, This manifest as a protective field so you don't have to see or be aware of things to distort them or need conscious control. You can deflect or redirect bullets that strike you, or the pressure wave of an explosion without requiring awareness of the threat. For defensive use, you can subconsciously establishes a filter that analyzes everything as harmful or not, & use your field to reflect & push away anything that could harm you. You may apply this ability consciously however, to such effect as reversing the blood flow within someone's body, & choose which vectors naturally interact with you, (such as gravity, air pressure, light, oxygen, heat, sound wavelength, etc. & redirect everything else.)
Compressing space to create black holes or firing off maelstroms of inconsistent gravity & spacetime distortions, chaotically twisting reality in blasts that severely alters anything in its path. The blasts can rip, tear, twist, melt, disintegrate, & cause numerous other effects to organic & inorganic matter within a variable range. Such this power is capable of destroying virtually any matter or construction that rend apart virtually anything they hit.
Hypometric attacks that propagate at FTL speeds, altering topology in order to destroy their opponent & intensely remove spacetime. This pierces everything between the you & the target, leaving its power unable to be blocked by any barriers as a result.
Create a gaping hole in reality of pure nothingness that annihilate any kind of matter they come in contact with or generate void spheres that accomplish the same feat. Like a black hole anything that comes in contact with this rift, whether matter or energy, is effectively wiped from existence.
Collapse spacetime itself around a person or object destroying it entirely. Or fire zero-dimensional spacetime defects that dissociate atoms so completely that people hit by them simply disappear.
You're capable of generating weapons or constructs that carry the properties as the aforementioned. By manipulating the energy/force of the fabric of space, allowing you to condense space into a quasi-tangible form and/or energy and utilize it for more physical usage, as opposed to simply controlling space itself. Such as blades that teleport areas struck by it or have portal edges as the blade. Tendrils with the power to remove spacetime.
Through you master of space, you can create subdimensional spaces & spacefolding technology. Fit big things inside small spaces arrange doorways to lead across interstellar distances or other dimensions. Make objects that are larger on the inside than the outside such as Bags of Holdings or TARDIS's. This effect is limited to the ascending dimensions like exploiting Tesseracts or Square Circles. You can create as many spaces as your imagination allows simply with sheer math. These internal spaces can be empty, or be filled with naturally occurring elements like breathable atmosphere, randomly generated planets and celestial bodies, quasi realities that you define, non-euclid realms and so on. Such things are raw materials from which you can perform great works of science. Creating seemingly infinite pocket dimensions/pocket realities (in or outside the universe,) that vastly resembles the real world or empty voids, it cannot be affected by the outside universe. Create a pocket of sub-space which technically exists within the real universe but can only be reached by taking specific and very strict routes and paths. These pocket dimensions can be used as shortcuts, sanctuaries, prisons, or vaults to store valuable, dangerous, or toxic materials. You're capable of altering the internal structure of the pocket reality like manipulating time, or warping reality as you see fit. With this you can create dimensions that function similar to the Eldar's Webway, Qubit's Teleportal, or the Elder Thing's Great White Space.
You may also bring objects or places from normal space into a folded zone, but be mindful of folding space around things that affect other things, like black holes or suns. Lastly, you may use these folded realms to escape from higher powers like the Eldritch Abominations or Abstract Beings, at least temporarily. You cannot run forever, however. As long as you are conscious, you may open a portal to your own folded spaces at any time.
Alternatively, you can pinch off sections of space to store in your pocket dimensions, this varies with your range.
You may ward your sanctum against intrusion, forbidding entrance to certain objects, creatures or individuals, for space itself bares their passage.
This range will continue to grow exponentially the more you use your power. Within a year you'll be able to move anything the size of town anywhere on Earth, the year after that anything the size of a city anywhere within Solar System. Even move an individual atom across the universe. There is no upper limit on the growth of your power.
You gain an intuitive knowledge of the surrounding multiverse, and can move into spaces both real and imagined. You have an innate spatial sense for where you can travel to, thus ensuring that you teleport safely. This allows you to travel anywhere you can conceive of. This may be the other side of a planet, across the universe, another dimension, or the mind-scapes of other sentient beings.
You will adapt to any reality, environment or place you enter and are able to survive there as easily and with as little harm to the world itself as any native. Be it the Marinna Trench, deep space, neutron stars, the galactic core or stranger vistas.
You have full knowledge how these powers work & the best ways to use them and you won't be overwhelmed by the sheer number of powers you have.
Your powers cannot be suppressed, severed, copied, corrupted, altered, nullified, affected negatively against your will or be used to harm you without your intention & will not malfunction or have control loss of. These abilities function as is regardless of what universe you're in or their laws, concepts, etc.
You will gain all necessary physical & mental faculties to process, comprehend and utilize these abilities while maintaining uninterrupted consciousness

Saugo
Essence of the Anomaly
By drinking this distorted liquid that seems to emit bright black light, you gain the following powers
You gain an anomalous pool of power permanently linked to your very being. You can shape it, giving you, or an object, place etc. anomalous properties. These start as fairly small. In your hands, a toothbrush might erase all nonliving matter touching it's bristles, a pencil sharpener might keep thinning the point past what is physically possible, you could change your biology or warp reality in minor ways. This reservoir fills when expended, and can be recalled back to you, removing the anomalous properties.
The more it is used, the more anomalous the effects, and just living with it all slowly increase the pool of anomalous power you possess. Become a living idea, wear someone's identity while changing nothing else, become a being of non-existence or a powerful type green reality bender and more.
Your mind and being will find these changes as easy as breathing, since this power is linked to you on all levels. You will not lose yourself by changing into a form so alien it would break the human mind.
Eventually, with much practice, training and time, you can equal any SCP in the SCP:wiki, and even surpass them, reaching the pinnacle of what is possible from the anomalous.

Essence of Power Creep
Drinking this bright liquid with black inky swirls inside of it, you gain the following powers
Your being has been energized, imbuing the expanding power of fiction into you. Whatever your abilities, they will start to slowly increase with time, just like a story might be colored and embellished with each retelling.
Should you start as a normal human, you will over time find your skills abilities and anything else about you or that which you possess increasing in power, and becoming more competent. Later you might spontaneously gain new skills and your form will approach that of a peak human. A mage would find his spells stronger, more potent, his knowledge increasing easier with effort and even while seemingly doing nothing.
As power creep seems to be faster the stronger the character already is, so does this essence increase in speed. A peak human will find his powers crossing to myth, being able to do impossible things. You will get more and more powerful, eventually reaching comic book levels and beyond, developing or "discovering" new abilities. Like superman, who went from lifting cars to lifting planets, your powers will continue to evolve, and eventually after eons you will attain and surpass the greatest growth speeds in any fiction, whether by the characters of the overall power of the verse, spiraling ever upwards.

Essence of the Armor
By drinking this metallic grey essence, you have bound an evolving armor to your soul and being.

This armor exist as a concept bound to you, that you can summon and dismiss at will. It requires no external power source, as it is sustained by this essence. The armor will also slowly repair itself if damaged, and should it be totally destroyed, it will fully restore itself in 24 hours.
At first you will be able to summon a simple fallout style power armor, powerful and protective, but a bit bulky. This armor upgrades over time, either generally of by your direction. If you have a specific fictional armor in mind, you may steer this development to that direction, for example Iron Mans armor from marvel.
Should you wish, you can instead start with a much more advanced armor, capable of flight, energy projection and lifting entire buildings, or something of a similar scale. Doing so will cripple the armors advancement for quite some time, having pushed the armor to evolve by force. This capacity will eventually recover.
If you have the knowledge and technical know-how, you can manually build more advanced power armor parts and integrate them into this conceptual framework, after with they seamlessly integrate.
You will also gain technical knowledge on how your armor functions, including the previous versions. While you can probably make some form of power armor with sufficient materials, manufacturing capacity and tools, this doesn't give you any general super intelligence, so don't expect to be making any super armors in your garage with spare parts or anything advanced not related to power armor just with this essence.


Chadster 
Essence of the Krork
By drinking this dark green substance, you gain the powers of the Krork
You will gain a 10 meters tall body that vastly superior to The Beast. You possess enough strength to kill a demon primarch with just a simple backhand. Despite your size, you are capable of moving at incredible speeds and agility that would make even the eldar wary to challenge you. You possess both immense durability and endurance that it would take an exterminatus or necron weaponry to fatally wound you. These capabilities will improve with both time and conflict.
Your mind is enhanced to supernatural levels which gives you beyond genius level intellect, panmnesia, accelerated thought process, and multiple trains of thought. You gain a more Krork-like mentality while keeping your personality intact. This grants you infinite willpower to tackle any foe, even when your bloody and beaten. Any previous mental damage or trauma will be repaired and further trauma and damage is extremely tough to inflict upon you.
Innate knowledge and mastery of the skills needed to fight in forms of combat.
You become a Master Tactician capable of the following.
Your planning skills will be greatly increased. Expect most plans you make and execute to largely go your way, or at least in a way that is favorable to you.
Making and sustaining alliances becomes easier for you.
You become very good at planning and strategizing.
You are also skilled at improvising and thinking on your feet.
You are capable of both seeing the big picture and focusing on details.
Determining others' capabilities & become an excellent ) judge of character comes much easier to you, but don't expect your assessments to always be completely accurate.
You are very good at subtlety and misdirection.
Determining others' capabilities & how they'll be of use to you comes much easier to you.
Full control of krork spores from where they spread to spawning rate of new krorkoids. Krorks born within your Waaagh are physically, mentally, and professionally superior to their ork counterparts. All krorks are completely loyal and are unable to turn or work against you.
Complete access from ork technology shown in 40k lore and krork technology shown in the War of the Krork. This technology is blackboxed, preventing it from being reverse engineered unless you allowed it. Optionally, you hold the blueprints for a multiverse portal device
Gain a more potent yet more refined form of the WAAAGH! Energy field capable of the following:
Shutting down or subverting other supernatural phenomena within a sector around you.
The Waaagh field makes any form of precognition used on you and your Waaagh extremely to nigh impossible. All those who use such abilities will only witness a storm of green and yells of war.
All orks within the range of the WAAAGH field will immediately turn into krorks and join your Waaagh.
The passing of knowledge on a subconscious level to all Krorks in your WAAAGH. Krorks improve much faster than orks or other experiences because their experiences echo within the psychic field. This effect intensifies whenever improve your own skills and knowledge, your experience cascading down like a waterfall.
The creation of krork based demons that will fight for your waaagh when summoned. This is optional
Working in any setting you choose to enter.
You have several options when it comes to the Krork gods that you can choose from.
Option 1, A God Reborn: Through a combination of your presence and the success of your Waaagh, the True God of Krork returns. Both gork and mork merge back into their true form; Goramorka, the Krork God of brutality and cunning. He is the metaphysical representation of what the Krork are: an incredibly brutal species capable of immense cunning. With his return to existence all krork abilities are drastically increased.
Option 2, The New Gods: You are given the option to replace Gork and Mork with Gods of your own design. In the beginning, these gods won’t be as powerful gork and mork but they will grow in strength intandem with your waaagh. These gods can provide unique blessings depending upon their domains and themes. This option is more versatile than option one
You possess a form of immortality. If you die, you are immediately reborn in the body of one of your nobz. So long as a single Nob within your Waaagh lives, you cannot die.
You have full control of krork society and can shape it into whatever you desire.
The option to be dropped into the warhammer 40k universe.


Essence of Perpetua
By drinking this essence, you gain the following abilities:
You gain the body of a super celestial shaped to your personal desires. You gain incalculable levels of superhuman feats such as being able to throw a planet across a multiverse.
You obtain nigh omnipotent power that grants you numerous abilities. For example, you can create multiverses, merge the DNA of different species, and manipulate matter.
Infinite willpower to tackle any foe, even bloody and broken you will not stop. Any previous mental damage or trauma will be repaired and further trauma and damage is extremely tough to inflict upon you.
Access to the seven hidden forces of the multiverse:
Still force: A force based around entropy and inertia, it’s the counter-energy to the speed force. It can negate motion, decelerating or even halting the conduit’s aging, or create physical constructs.
Invisible spectrum: A force that feeds on buried primal emotions and it’s the counter energy to the emotional spectrum. You obtain powers similar to the Lantern Corps such as construct creation, emotional empowerment and induction, flight, etc.
Tear of Extinction: A force that brings death to all living beings and immortals. It’s driven toward isolation, solipsism, and is connected to the death force.
Void Wind: The twin force of the Tear of Extinction capable of snuffing out gods and magic. It can even allow you to subjugate gods to your will
Black Apple: The dark force of knowledge and counter energy to the Collective Unconscious.
Sixth Note: A force beyond imagination. The counter force of the Dimensional Structure which governs all things imaginable and unimaginable.
Faithlessness: Faith in the evil within people’s hearts and their selfish cruel nature. related to the concept of Doom.
You gain cosmic awareness throughout an entire multiverse and even the sixth dimension.
Gain the ability to peer into the fourth dimension to read the future.
Can grant access to the seven hidden forces to others.
Full knowledge on how these powers work & the best ways to use them.
Granted a legion of Apex Predators, martian/human hybrids, who are completely loyal to you. Their unable rebel or work against you.
Optionally, you can create your versions of the Over-monitor, Anti-monitor, and World Forger who are designed to your desires. The completely loyal, unable to turn, rebel, or work against you.
These powers cannot be taken away from you by any means possible.

Essence of the Aetherial king (From the Ashes, god quest)
An obsidian black bottle covered in runes with a shining golden liquid inside. Upon consuming this essence you gained the following powers of God King Theion:
Gain a supernatural body of your own design.
Infinite willpower to tackle any foe, even bloody and broken you will not stop.
a strong connection to the domains of stars, void, magic, and reincarnation/rebirth. With time, practice, and meditation the connection to these domains can become even stronger to rival the most powerful of cosmic entities.
Stars: capable of creating, shaping, and manipulating all aspects of stars and light. Creating new stars, manipulating constellations, or unleashing blasts of light are within your capability to perform. This domain also grants you the ability to create gods/goddesses through stars called starborn. Capable of creating light based creatures known as Helios.
Void: capable of manipulating the primordial darkness before creation. You have the power to Unmake anything and everything, erasing it from the past, present, and future. You may choose to only erase a thing’s present and future to avoid time paradoxes. This domain grants you power over gravity and blackholes. Capable of creating darkness based creatures called Darklings
Magic: you have tremendous power over the domain of magic. There is no spell or ritual capable of harming or binding you. You can create entire systems of magic, create magical entities, grant or remove a being’s capacity for magic, and have total understanding of magic
Reincarnation/rebirth: you have the power to reincarnate or restore nearly anything. With great ease, you can resurrect multiple beings from death even those whose souls were destroyed. Entities equal to or stronger than must have the desire to return for resurrection to work on them. Capable of reincarnating yourself or others. Capable of transforming into a large golden phoenix.
Can create gods and goddess through your domain over stars and the void known as starborn and voidborn. A starborn god’s power and domain are tied directly to the star or constellation they’re born from. Voidborn gods are created from blackholes or the void thus are naturally powerfully and have destructive power by nature. Gods you create are completely loyal to you and incapable of being converted or manipulated against you.
Capable of creating an army of angels that a fanatical loyal to you.
A powerful divine sword called Gladius Regis capable of cutting space itself in half.
You possess a mirror capable of peering into the past, present, and future with ease. It’s scrying can only be blocked or subverted by beings more powerful than you. Your powers also make it difficult to near impossible to see into your own personal future.
The ability to enter a divine realm shaped to your design.
You have the option of having six other aetherial deities appear with each representing the domains of fire, water, earth, air, life, and death respectively. These gods can either show up one at a time or all at once.
You have the option of being reborn into an empty universe that you can shape to your design.

Legion1771
Essence of Shattered Limiter
By drinking this concoction, shining with power that can’t be contained, you shatter all limits on your powers.
All limitations on your powers have been completely destroyed.
You can push your abilities to grow beyond any limits they might have possessed before. A telekinetic ability that might have only let you throw around cars could one day let you throw around planets or galaxies, given enough time and growth.
This growth affects all aspects of your powers. Range, power, energy reserves (where applicable), etc.
Even if you are not exercising your powers, they will still grow passively, enough that a single year will cause them to double in potency. Actively pushing yourself will see this grow magnify significantly.
This only affects your powers, as opposed to your physical stats, mental stats or skills, unless those are part of a power or otherwise provided by a power.
Required secondary powers will also grow. The ESP and task-oriented processing power necessary to operate arbitrarily powerful and intricate telekinesis, for example, will improve.

Essence of SHIFTing
By drinking this essence, shining with infinite colors, you unlock the ability to SHIFT (Zero Escape).
To SHIFT is to transfer your mind to an alternate reality, taking over the body of your local equivalent. Ordinarily this would be a swap, so that your new body’s previous owner ends up in the body you just left behind, but you may choose to fuse with the new body’s consciousness if you so please.
To begin with, you’ll only be able to do this in fatally dangerous situations. You are about to be hit by a car, someone is about to shoot you, you are trapped in a burning building, etc. With training and usage, however, you will begin to become capable of actively SHIFTing without needing fatal situations to trigger it.
To begin with, your destination will be random, though always placing you in a close analogue where someone made a different decision or was just a little bit less confident. Though stranger and more fantastical worlds, such as ones where some people have different genders or prominent historical events were different, are also reachable. If you travel to the very edge of possibility, perhaps more supernatural worlds can be found.
With time and training, you can begin to choose your destinations, either by broad categories and criteria or by knowing exactly where you want to go.
You will always SHIFT in a situation where you would have otherwise died, regardless of whether or not you chose to. Though you may choose not to SHIFT upon dying if you would like to for whatever reason.
With time and training SHIFTing can be done forwards and backwards through time, as well as across it, so you may leave a reality and then re-enter it or others at an earlier point.
With time and training, you can learn how to SHIFT other people along with you, which will deposit them in their local equivalent the same as you. This will also awaken them to the ability to SHIFT, if you so choose. Unlike normal, you will always be aware of where these people are, such that you can never lose them in the infinite span of the multiverse.
One day, after a lot of experience with SHIFTing, you might learn to SHIFT half-way, leaving you outside of reality and capable of looking in, observing events and other universes through the perspective of your other selves. With even more training, it might even be possible to observe the viewpoints of other people, perhaps even SHIFT into their bodies instead of one of your alternates.

Essence of The Beyonder
By consuming this essence, you are granted the power of the Pre-Retcon Beyonder.
You are the living personification of a multiverse millions of times larger than the entire Marvel multiverse, including such mighty figures as Eternity, Infinity, Death, Oblivion and The Living Tribunal.
You have vast reality warping powers, capable of bending and twisting reality on a multiversal scale with no effort whatsoever.
Your natural form, as much as it could be called that, is one of undifferentiated energy spread across the entirety of your vast multiverse. Assuming a human form would only take a thought, as would any other possible form you could imagine.
Your mind is fittingly vast for an existence like yours, easily capable of observing the entirety of a vast multiverse made up of ascending dimensions and parallel timelines on every level possible with no strain at all.
In theory, there is no difference between your imagination and reality. In practice, that would depend on where you’re going and what you’re coming up against. But regardless of that, you will never have any issues controlling your powers, as you have complete control over them and their effects.

Essence of the Immortal Heart
By drinking this essence, you will obtain the heart of one who can live forever.
No matter how long you live, time and circumstance will not weigh you down nor will it change you so much that you cannot recognise yourself.
As the eons pass, you will never grow lesser in your own eyes. Indeed, you will only ever grow into more of the person you wish you could be, regardless of whatever horrors or terrible things you witness.
You are immune to boredom and your patience stretches into eternity. If you so wished, you could easily do nothing but wait for the stars to burn out without issue or complication.
You also have no issues with solitude, being capable of surviving with no one but yourself for company indefinitely without becoming distant or socially rusty as a result.
No matter how much time passes or how many things you experience, you will never grow jaded or sick of simple pleasures or tasks. The sights and sounds you experience will always be as uplifting as the first time you saw them.

Essence of the Immortal Body
By drinking this essence, you will obtain the body of one who can live forever.
Your flesh has been rendered immortal. No matter how much time passes, you will not age a day or look even slightly older. You have a powerful healing factor capable of erasing any damage done to you in moments, no matter how strange or esoteric.
No level of damage or change is resistant to this. Being petrified, annihilated, dealt unhealing wounds or stranger, all of it will be removed and healed in moments.
This is not cellular division or regeneration, but something more akin to the reversal of time, a true miracle that pays no heed to logic or common sense.
You no longer have any needs of any kind. You do not need to breath, eat or drink. If you choose to do any of these things then you’ll find you no longer produce waste either.
You will continue aging up until your prime, should you find yourself younger than that for whatever reason, at which point your aging will halt as normal. This should leave your looks hovering at some indiscernible middle ground between late-twenties and mid-thirties.
Should you be annihilated utterly, down to every last particle of your being, you will simply reappear in a few moments, utterly unharmed, in the same spot you died. If this location is blocked or otherwise still dangerous, you will be moved to the nearest safe location, wherever that may be.
If you are severed into pieces or otherwise exploded into chunks, you will regenerate from the largest chunk. No worries about each part of your regenerating into a separate individual or something.
You may choose to die at any moment, freeing yourself from your body and passing on to whatever fate awaits you after the death of the body. This choice can only ever be made when you truly wish for it of your own free mind. No amount of duress or control can force the issue.

Essence of the Immortal Soul
By drinking this essence, you will obtain the soul of one who can live forever.
Your soul is absolutely and completely immortal. Even if it is utterly destroyed with absolute and implacable power, it will heal from all damage instantly.
If your body should die, be it from violence, sickness or old age, your soul will find its way to the nearest unborn child the moment you died and you will be reincarnated into that body.
This can even extend so far as to place you in alternate universes if there are no nearby children suitable for your soul.
You may decide criteria for your new body’s appearance and state, such as race, gender, social standing and similar things, though making too specific a choice may lead to you being sent to a far off universe or planet.

Essence of the Immortal Mind
By drinking this essence, you will obtain the mind of one who can live forever.
Your mind is absolutely and completely immortal. Any level of damage or trauma will disappear in moments, completely healed.
Your memory is similarly eternal, perfectly recording everything you witness and arranging itself in a manner most suited to you, such that you can recall anything you need to with nothing but a thought.
Your skills will never become lesser for lack of repetition. If you became a master cook, then you will still be just as skilled in a few thousand years even if you never gave it another thought since then.
No matter what force or stimuli you experience, you can never be driven insane, mentally broken or otherwise inflicted with permanent mental imbalance.

Essence of the Unlimiter
By drinking this Essence, all limits on your capabilities have been lifted.
All powers, skills, traits and stats that you possess are now limitless in potential.
By continuing to push yourself to the edge of your capabilities in any area, you will find that there is no longer an upper limit to your progress. Continue to lift objects of ever increasing weight and your strength will increase without limitation. Continue to hone a skill past the point of mastery and you will continue to see improvement.
The size of your muscles no longer dictates how much you can lift nor does it restrict how flexible you can become or how quickly you can move. The size of your lungs no longer dictates the amount of air that you can store in them. The size of your brain no longer dictates how much information it can store, no how fast it can process information. So long as you continue to push your limits, you will be always be able to improve yourself further.
Learning skills, developing certain types of muscles or acquiring certain kinds of abilities will typically make learning others difficult or even impossible. A physique designed for strength will not lend itself to speed/agility and some types of abilities are simply incompatible on a metaphysical level. You no longer have this issue. You can learn any number of abilities and develop any number of traits without harming your potential in any other field.
The details of how skills manifest when honed beyond mastery, be it impossible competence or supernatural displays and effects, is up to you.

Essence of the Clan Restoration Act
By drinking this Essence, you will become eligible for the Clan Restoration Act.
No one actually knows what this is, nor will they know about it if you don’t tell them, but it’s effects are obvious.
You are incredibly attractive. This is especially apparent to people who you yourself are attracted to.
You possess powerful charisma and charm, being capable of talking just about anyone into a relationship, or just into a bed, with you. This assumes that you can get them to listen to you, of course.
Your skills in the bedroom are peerless, as is your stamina and endurance. You’ll never have any trouble blowing the minds of any number of people.
You can easily form and maintain harems and similar kinds of relationships. The people within these relationships will naturally gravitate towards a state of harmony amongst one another, resolving issues and conflicts naturally, perhaps even to the extent of entering into their own relationships with one another. You will remain the center around which the entire thing orbits, but the resulting relationship chart might become a tad mind-bending.
You will never run into any legal repercussions or discrimination as a result of these relationships, nor any relationship you pursue. If you come up against trouble, simply reference the Clan Restoration Act and all trouble will be swept under the rug.

Essence of the Dollmaker
By drinking this essence, you will receive multiple boons.
Within you is a well of potential energy. By drawing out this energy, an entirely intuitive process, you may force it into another being and convert that being into a loyal Doll.
Dolls will have the broad strokes of their original appearance, but will be largely reconfigured into supernaturally beautiful figures that align with your preferences. They are female by default, but you can choose the end result of the process if you so choose.
Dolls can switch between their Doll selves and their original bodies at will.
Dolls are absolutely and completely loyal to you. This loyalty cannot be subverted by any means. They will do absolutely anything you ask without even the slightest hesitation.
Dolls possess all memories, skills and knowledge possessed by their original self.
Dolls are all unaging, immune to infirmity, disease, poison and require no needs such as sleeping, eating, drinking or breathing.
Dolls are generally improved over the original in every way. Normal humans will approach the peak of possibility for humanity and those greater than that will find similar results.
Any abilities possessed by a target may be made into purely internal versions, if their power relies on an outside source or influence.
With physical contact and focus on a Doll, you may gain an in-depth knowledge of their abilities, traits and weaknesses. By expending potential energy, you may enhance, alter or remove these traits.
You may spend potential energy to bestow abilities to your Dolls. If you have an example from another Doll or understand the ability to a great degree, via study or possessing it yourself, then the energy cost decreases significantly.
Dolls can be killed by violence or damage. You may expend a greater amount of energy than the amount spent on turning them to resurrect them.
By using the well of potential energy within you, it will grow deeper. To turn something into a doll, you must overpower them with this energy. Stronger or stranger existences require larger amounts of energy. If they are willingly accepting the change, then the energy requires drops massively.
You have enough energy to change a half dozen mundane people a day to begin with.

Essence of the Self-Insert
By drinking this Essence, you can insert yourself into your favorite fictional media.
You may pick any character in any story and insert yourself into their body at any point in the story.
You will gain all of their powers, abilities, memories and skills.
Upon dying, you may pick a different character to insert yourself into.
You may also choose to leave behind your current character and choose a new one at any time. You may choose whether or not they remember the things that you did while in their body.
It's up to you whether you keep powers between characters.
If possession-type self-inserts aren’t for you, then you can also choose to physically transport yourself to any given time and location in any story. Make sure to ensure that you can survive in your chosen location and time, however, as you do not receive any powers or abilities that you did not already have.
The mechanics of time-travel and how it interacts with your existence and the laws of a given setting is up to your discretion.
You may physically transport yourself in this manner while self-inserting into a character.

Savestate

Essence of the Peasant
You gain a set of abilities designed to make the most idealized image of a peasant's life actually possible.
-You are extremely resistant to the passage of time. This slows aging, the worsening of your mental state, and the decay of skills, memories, and abilities, allowing you to comfortably live for several centuries, fading only gently. Should you ever find a drive, some reason you deeply need capabilities you once had but have since lost, the weight of years will rapidly slide off of you, restoring everything lost to the passage of time and potentially even qualities lost to other events, up to and including limbs lost to accidents. This recovery is truly permanent, can occur any number of times given the necessary circumstances, and has the potential to extend your lifespan indefinitely.
-You are hardy, capable of subsisting on nothing but a small amount of grain and a cup of water each day for years with no ill effects. This extends in the other direction, allowing you to safely enjoy any amount of food and drink without fear of running out of room, putting on unwanted weight, or succumbing to alcohol poisoning. When you wake up, even after a half-hour's nap, you do so invigorated, ready for a hard day's work if that is what must be done, and you can drop into a deep slumber on command. Injuries fade more quickly, even the most severe bruises vanishing overnight, and any injury short of the outright removal of a body part will eventually heal completely, leaving behind nothing worse than wholly-cosmetic scarring. While you are only somewhat more resistant to poison, most diseases will simply fail to touch you, and you are guaranteed a full recovery from any ailment that you can survive for at least a week.
-Power flows from you into any plants and animals you tend, invigorating them and fueling their growth. Any farm you work at is next to immune to blight and infestation, and you can grow crops in infertile, bone-dry soil as easily as another person could farm in the lushest black earth. Animals are healthier, happier, more fertile, more productive, live longer, and grow and mature more quickly, and you can easily and effectively exert whatever control you have over them. A few soft instructions are more effective than a fence at keeping your beasts from wandering away. With half an acre of land, you could produce enough food to enjoy seven large meals a day.
-Making good food and fine drink comes easily to you. Given some understanding of the recipe, you could cook the fanciest meal in a single pan over a campfire, or distill fine liquor from raw produce with nothing but a single unlidded pot. The speed at which you can cook is tied to your needs- should you find it necessary, you could prepare a veritable feast for dozens of friends in the space of an hour. You find it easy to replace one ingredient with another, to the extent of flawlessly recreating meaty dishes with nothing but vegetables, and can stretch supplies to feed many times as many people as should be possible, at the cost of producing slightly simpler meals.
-Anything you make by hand is infused with a binding of preservation. This is not limited to ordinary handicrafts, and includes structures you build, foods you grow and harvest, and landscaping you perform. That which is influenced by this is tied to you- so long as you are hale and hearty, they will fail to decay or dirty at all, no matter how vigorously they are used or what conditions they experience. As you grow closer to death, this protection will weaken, not so much allowing items to degrade more quickly as allowing them to degrade to a worse state before the protection kicks in: if you are sick, your bread might get stale, but it will still never rot. Should you be restored to a more vital and youthful state by any means, you may find these things also recovering, anything not wholly destroyed returning to its greatest past state. Active attempts at inflicting damage and destruction, by intelligent beings and by beasts individually stronger than you, may pierce this preservative influence.
-You understand how to craft a vast assortment of simple, practical goods from scratch. You could easily locate a deposit of iron, knock some loose, build a simple furnace, refine the ore with charcoal you similarly made yourself, and forge a set of flawless steel tools. Your knowledge encompasses carpentry, masonry, ceramics, tailoring, blacksmithing, and more, and all the necessary techniques and tidbits to get the materials and tools you would need for these tasks. To a small degree, your efforts in these areas go a bit more easily- as you live and work, you will accumulate small amounts of simple materials otherwise unavailable, pebbles of iron ore appearing in gravel paths, and you can get away with using simpler tools and equipment than you perhaps should.
-The place you consider home is protected from untargeted harm. Wild beasts are nudged to avoid harmful encounters, and storms and other natural disasters are either diverted away or weakened to safe levels. Even if they conquer all the lands around it, invading armies will pass by yours without a second thought. Local authorities are more willing to let you be and treat you fairly, and those who know of you only by reputation are more inclined to think well of you. Those who know of you personally may be able to pierce this protection- an emperor who seeks your death will still be able to send an army after you.
-This power extends to others, branching outwards through bonds of friendship, love, and family. The stronger the bond, the more of this power is carried through it- in the case of a true friend, there will be no noticeable diminishment. No matter how strong the bond, this power spreads slowly, at its longest taking multiple months to reach its full potential. Those who have even the tiniest shred of this power can continue to share it with others. Over years and decades, it can spread quite far, allowing you to bless entire communities.

Essence of the Impossible Forge
You receive the power to create and make use of technologies that rely upon nonsensical or nonexistant concepts.
-You achieve your incredible capabilities through the use of Tech Trees that contain and define your technological potential. Upon consuming this Essence, you may choose one of: a Materialistic Tree, a Skilled Tree, or a Ideological Tree. Each of these Tech Trees is only allowed to contain technologies of a certain kind- Materialistic may be defined as 'hardware and materials', while Skilled may be defined as 'practiced personal ability', and 'Ideological' may be defined as 'software and political economics'. Should you somehow consume the Essence of the Impossible Forge multiple times, or otherwise make use of a Meta CYOA effect, you may acquire additional Tech Trees beyond the first. Limited crossover between these Tech Trees is difficult but possible- between Materialistic and Skilled, and between Skilled and Ideological.
-All 'beyond normal' functionalities of your creations rely upon impossible mechanisms, collectively known as Principles. A Principle might be that 'minds generate mana', or that 'modulated EM waves may generate posigravity fields', or that 'training in increments of seven reps is just better'. Principles very much do not need to be consistent with other Principles; two Principles that contradict each other may be used together without issue. Each Principle is part of a specific Tech Tree, built into its Foundation, and cannot be trivially applied to every Tech Tree if you have more than one. Upon consuming this Essence, you gain exactly three Principles of your choice. (Meta CYOA effects and repeated consumption of the Essence of the Impossible Forge may provide additional free Principles.) Whenever something special happens- a story reaching a turning point, you reaching a critical milestone, etc.- there is some chance that you gain additional Principles, which you may define freely. This can be expected to happen reliably, but not quickly, and over a sufficiently long timeframe, there is no limit to the amount of Principles you may acquire.
-Principles are directly exploited with the use of Invention and Iteration Nodes, which are placed 'above' the Foundation of a Tech Tree, stemming directly from a lower Node. Each such Node defines a set of technological capabilities, and the manner in which those capabilities exceed the Nodes directly below. As Invention and Iteration Nodes ultimately stem from the Foundation, which contains all mundane human technology, each thus defines upgraded versions of humanity's techbase. Though any Principle may be used to support any Invention or Iteration Node in theory, Principles that more logically fit with the effects of the Nodes they sustain may be significantly more effective.
Invention Nodes may be used to acquire new exotic capabilities or special rules; the statistical effectiveness of your technology is largely unchanged, but it is qualitatively different. An Invention Node might redefine 'driving' as 'teleportation', providing a new means of transportation with similar speed, range, vehicle size, and expense, but that is no longer concerned with infrastructure or physical barriers. Sequences of Invention Nodes may build upon each other for much greater effect. You may create a new Invention Node with a few hours of work, placing it above the Foundation or above any existing Node.
Iteration Nodes may be used to directly increase statistical capabilities by a significant margin. An Iteration Node might increase the memory, processing power, and general durability of all forms of computing technology you can produce massively. Sequences of Iteration Nodes may build upon each other to increase your technological capabilities exponentially. You may create a new Iteration Node with an hour's work, placing it above the Foundation or above any existing Node.
As you move up from the Foundation, the technologies defined by your Nodes grow increasingly, exponentially more costly to produce. Though it is not possible to use Iteration Nodes to directly counteract this increased expense, even a minor investment in superior manufacturing methodologies can outpace this growth entirely.
There is a limit to how thoroughly each Principle may be exploited. Once in use by a succession of approximately 10 Invention and/or Iteration Nodes, the Principle is effectively being exploited to the full limits of its potential, and cannot be used to support later nodes: a different Principle must be used in its place. However, a Tech Tree can have many branches. If you need to use a Principle that is already fully exploited for a different purpose, you may branch out from a lower position in the Tech Tree where that was not the case. Thus, you may simultaneously have access to technological paths that use 'the seventeenth fundamental force, blavity' to greatly magnify durability and to others that instead use it to greatly increase battery capacity.
-Should you be exposed to or acquire a sample of a real technology (defined as 'any technology not derived from the Impossible Forge'), you may add it to an appropriate Tech Tree as a Salvage Node. This requires an amount of effort that corresponds with the complexity and potency of the technology to be salvaged, but is never beyond your reach. Salvage Nodes sit below the foundation, and enhance the technological capabilities of all Nodes above them. If an Iteration Node previously let you make 'mundane human materials but 10x stronger', the collection of alien alloys would automatically upgrade it to 'advanced alien alloys but 10x stronger'. In the case that an Invention Node is obsoleted by a form of salvage, you may freely change the qualitative benefit it provides to anything vaguely related to its original benefit.
-Given a minute's work, you may create a Schematic. This is a single specific technology, designed flawlessly with the technological capabilities present at a chosen Invention or Iteration Node. It is entirely possible to develop technologies from your Nodes without creating Schematics, but significantly less convenient under most circumstances. While an Invention Node might define itself as 'everything from real life humanity, plus hovertech', a Schematic drawn from it might be a specific model of hovertank. You will always possess the necessary knowledge and ability to recreate a technology from a Schematic. Even in the case that a Schematic requires advanced manufacturing capabilities far beyond what you have access to, it will be able to provide entire sequences of tools to bootstrap yourself up to the minimum required level.
-You may share the capacity to create your technologies with other people freely. You may designate exactly what a given person has access to (from individual Schematics to entire Trees) with absolute precision, and may grant and revoke permissions to groups of arbitrary size without error. This is such that someone who turns traitor may find their ability to create your technologies lost instantly. Note that, unless you provide lowercase-s schematics or technological data to your chosen, they will need to explore their expanded technological capabilities in a manner very similar to achieving natural scientific progress.
-Your technologies function in all realities, regardless of how physics works or what forms of supernatural power are present or possible. They are immune to anything that attempts to shut down 'technology', 'magic', or any other force your creations seem to rely on in a general manner. Sufficiently specific counters, such as shields around starships that prevent hostile teleportation, may be capable of interfering with the functions of your creations to some degree if you do not take countermeasures.
-The fires of the Impossible Forge burn brightly within you, granting a number of more personal benefits. Should you somehow consume the Essence of the Impossible Forge multiple times, these benefits double each time.
You may substitute your own labor for any manner of material for the purpose of crafting something from a Schematic. Each second of your personal attentions may be used in place of resource roughly equivalent in value to 1 USD. It is possible to increase the value of your labor through appropriate non-Impossible training. Should the value of your labor invested so far exceed the value of the final item, it will be completed instantly- you could cook a pie worth $5 in five seconds.
You may form a doppleganger of yourself, identical in form and mind but devoid of soul, self-awareness, or any power not stemming directly from the Impossible Forge. This clone is perfectly, absolutely obedient to you, and may be reformed from a few grains of ash if ever destroyed. With a touch, you may copy your current mindstate over to the clone while simultaneously retrieving all useful memories it has acquired without any risk of corruption or unwanted influence. A convenient way to create necessary items and build up a Tech Tree without wasting your own time.
Thrice ever, at times of your choosing, you may reforge your body. This takes but a single instant, and causes a brief explosion of flames as your old form is broken down and made anew. On its own, this purges you of physical infirmities, allows you to take on any human form, and perfectly resolves as many mental ailments as you would wish to resolve. The consequences of reckless self-experimentation may be reversed in an instant. Should you have prepared cybernetic implants, transformative elixirs, or similar beforehand, the reforging process may make use of them to upgrade you, providing the best possible result.
-Should you ever truly die, someone you approve of will acquire a diminished version of this Essence. They will be the Inheritor of the Impossible Forge.

Essence of the C'Tan
By consuming this Essence, you gain the full capabilities of a perfected C'Tan. Your mastery of physical reality has very few peers.
-You gain the physical form of a C'Tan, a vast cloud of exotic substance derived from the earliest moments of the universe, bound up into a shell of living metal. The physical power of this shell alone, without taking into account any of your greater attributes, exceeds that of smaller titans, and you can easily exploit the nature of necrodermis to alter its form and add new technological devices. Should you find it necessary, you may hold your true form slightly out of step with normal space, reducing its apparent size to a minimum of one millimeter across. Constructing puppet bodies, such as a mass of cloned flesh that appears to all non-psychic sensors to be a completely normal human, is completely trivial, even drawing upon only the innate capabilities of your living shell.Your etheric substance yet burns with the primeval fire that birthed the universal, and so defies the cruel laws of entropy, generating all the power you could ever need to fuel your natural abilities. Even should you choose to feed upon something, you will never develop any manner of addiction or derangement.
-Your mind possesses all of the positive qualities of an ancient, inhuman consciousness and a mortal human mind. You are immune to boredom and all forms of mental decay caused by the passage of time, yet are no less motivated to pursue your goals. Your memory is absolutely perfect, unless you choose to delete information, and the substance of your form is capable of storing preposterous amounts of data. This provides an absolute self-awareness (amongst other benefits reducing pain to a simple awareness of damage), and yields near-absolute willpower. Due to the combination of a construction that fundamentally opposes the supernatural and a perfected physical nature, you are effectively immune to all forms of memetic threat and corruption.
-Every ability ever shown to be possessed by a C'Tan or shard thereof is in your possession. You can match or exceed every other C'Tan, even in their own areas of specialization. This means you can freely turn matter into antimatter and back again, transmute mud into necrodermis and other hyperadvanced technology, generate new matter from nothing but the energy you constantly create, phase through any material substance, apply incredible telekinetic force with flawless precision, defy causality and fling opponents outside of time, directly manipulate every fundamental force, and far more.
The sheer processing power of your form is absurd. Though your tactical or strategic ability is not improved, by brute force simulation alone you can surpass anyone who does not benefit from such psychic nonsense as outright precognition and fate-manipulation in both fields.
Your capacity to suppress the Warp is sufficient to instantly snuff out every demon in an area spanning multiple star systems. In fact, it is only a hair less than what would be needed to hold back the Emperor of the Great Crusade era entirely, should the whole of its effect be focused on Him. It applies with full effectiveness to all forms of supernatural power you wish it to- even selectively, only weakening the powers of your enemies.
Your substance operates upon the most fundamental levels of reality. No purely material device can destroy it without risking the unravelment of reality. It may still be that you could be broken into pieces, but the manner in which your mind inhabits your form ensures that even the smallest fragments would retain the whole of your identity and memories. Whether a supernatural effect potent enough to completely overwhelm your innate anti-Warp capabilities could safely destroy you is uncertain, as is whether your truly peerless comprehension of the material would let you do the same.
-In addition to your standard capabilities, you have a specialty of your own. The substance of your form is uniquely adapted for this power, and so it grows on its own as the rest of your abilities become stronger. This might entail, but is not limited to:
A mastery of life and genetics that allows you to devise whole planetary ecosystems with an errant thought and engineer organic life that surpasses mighty races like the Orks, Tyranids, and Eldar without suffering any trace of psychic taint. Even psykers may be in some way copied by engineering life that naturally assembles the necessary structures to mimic the world-shaking power of a C'Tan at reduced scale.
A capacity to produce and manipulate force in incredible ways, turning the binding energy of a planet on itself to shatter it with a blow more gentle than a soft tap or reorienting your velocity relative to the galactic core to accelerate to absurd speeds in the space of an instant. Allows you to achieve FTL speeds in an unusual manner by modifying the equations that determine velocity.
A quirk to your etheric substance that allows it to remain connected and whole despite any physical seperation, as well as a flawless method of data preservation. Allows you to unravel yourself into any number of lesser C'Tan without losing coherence of self, guarantee your own survival as long as even one of these fragments persist, and recombine with trivial ease. Even if seperated over a hundred different galaxies, the quirk that allows your mind to remain whole allows you to reclaim your etheric substance from distant vessels at will.
An innate excellency in the instantaneous transmission of matter and a capacity to contain unlimited amounts of potential mass within your etheric substance without effecting your actual mass. Allows you to consume arbitrarily large quantities of unshielded matter in the space of an instant while preserving it for later use.
Access to an anti-Warp mechanism that scars and damages the Warp rather than merely seperating it from normal space. Allows you to unmake souls, permanently kill demons, and render psychic effects forever weaker throughout vast areas. Insufficiently powerful beings may find themselves unable to use psychic powers at all within your scarred domains.
-Given materials of the appropriate kind, you may upgrade all of the powers of your C'Tan form. This has no upper limit, and scales linearly- given unlimited resources, you would wield unlimited power. The perfected construction of your form eliminates most of the drawbacks one would expect of building upon yourself in this manner. Distortions of space allow you to fold away excess mass, preventing it from overburdening you, and the amount of energy you create grows in direct proportion to the amount of energy you require to fuel your powers. Though you intuitively know how best to synthesize the extremely exotic substances you require for these upgrades, other C'Tan, and shards thereof, are themselves a prime source of everything you could need, and you are immune to all negative consequences of cannibalising your kin. Indeed, even if other C'Tan attempt to devour you, your essence will eat away at them from the inside.
-You are capable of replicating all of the powers of your C'Tan form, or lesser versions, in purely technological formats. If you were willing to pay the price required, you could even construct new C'Tan entirely. Even if you find yourself unable to synthesize the exotics necessary, you remain able to splinter off fractions of your etheric substance, carving away precise portions of your strength in a manner that holds your mind firmly intact. In any case, unless you use materials worthy of a C'Tan in these constructions, they will always be in some way inferior to the examples of these powers in yourself. Where you could suppress the Warp across entire star systems with a body that appears to be smaller than a human heart, a 'cheap' machine to ward a single planet might take the form of a number of pylons large enough to dwarf skyscrapers.
-You have access to, and complete comprehension of, all technologies ever created or used by the Necrons, explicitly including at least one non-Warp form of FTL travel. This is your low end: so firmly tied into physics itself are you that your comprehension of the material universe is literally perfect. Given a moments consideration, you could develop technologies that match or exceed those of the Dark Age of Technology, the Eldar at their peak, or any other faction that wasn't around when the universe was born (at least in those fields not reliant on Warp-tainted nonsense). Every piece of technology you create is so advanced that it is impossible to reverse-engineer, or even vaguely comprehend, without a preexisting mastery of every one of the concepts and principles it relies upon.
Your knowledge and understanding of all non-supernatural aspects of reality is again, perfect. Upon your first exposure to any technological item that does not make significant use of supernatural elements, you will comprehend it absolutely. On observing a supercomputer the size of a star hosting a transcendent AI, you could trivially discern the sequence of inputs that would make it forever loyal to you.
Though you do not lose your capacity to understand the supernatural, neither do you gain any benefits in deciphering the secrets of such forces. You still have a soul, if you had one before, and your great intellect may help in learning to use it, but your psychic power and general growth rate is not significantly improved by your C'Tan nature. It may indeed be possible you could one day bind magic into your nature just as physical reality is now, but such would be a truly incredible undertaking.
-You possess the details of a process that converts any willing subject into an immortal version of itself, devoid absolutely of supernatural forces. This process can function on any manner of being at all, even a god, and can strip away any manner of metaphysical essence. The removed aspects of a being may be preserved and stored away, or destroyed utterly with no chance of recovery. Every being subjected to this process is almost as immune to corruption as you, and will remain loyal to you for eternity unless subverted by external forces.
-You gain knowledge of a secret lost even to the other C'Tan, a backdoor into the Necrons and all of their technology. With this secret, you may hijack any Necron or Necron technology you encounter, rendering it perfectly loyal to you. Even were you to be trapped in the greatest of Necron prisons, you would be able to use this secret to subvert your cage and release yourself at your own leisure.
-Upon consuming this Essence, you may (optionally) send yourself to any point in the Warhammer 40K timeline after the Necrontyr became the Necrons. The manner in which you are sent to WH40K is at your own discretion, as is the location of your arrival. So long as you will it to be so, there will be some means be which you could eventually return to your world of origin.

Essence of the Effective Faction
By consuming this Essence, you receive a comprehensive set of advantages by which a faction might better make the most of its resources.
-The benefits of this Essence may apply to any number of discrete factions at full effectiveness. The only requirement is that you are in some way a part of each faction so empowered. Thus, you could use the Essence to enhance an empire, a species, a small team, or even just yourself.
-You gain access to a peculiar Resource, a material that can be used in place of any combination of others. It can just as easily be used to raise pyramids, construct advanced laser rifles, empower magic swords, fuel the growth of biological horrors, or replace truly exotic reagents such as the geneseed of an Astartes. This Resource does not allow you to manufacture anything you could not produce without it, however, and the cost of any given item scales with the economic cost of producing it normally. At the time of consuming this Essence, you may define the nature of your Resource as any physical thing (such as gold, crystal, components, food, metal, and so on). This impacts, amongst other factors, how your Resource can be manufactured or collected most efficiently. It does not necessarily impact what can be produced from your Resource; it is not infeasible to convert 'gold' into a steel sword.
-At the time of consuming this Essence, you may modify the qualities of your Resource to better suit your needs:
You may balance the ease of creating your Resource with the ease of actually making use of it. This could provide a material that can be rapidly transformed into new equipment in battlefield conditions, at the cost of a significantly reduced supply of it.
You may balance the density at which your Resource can be stored with the requirements to safely preserve it. This could provide a bulky material that will remain useful after being exposed to a light orbital bombardment, or a substance that decays rapidly outside of specialized containment structures but can be held in absurd quantities within one.
You may restrict the set of products for which your Resource is useful, in exchange for improving the quality of all things made with it. This could provide a material that produces impossibly effective machinery, but can never be used to modify living flesh in ways more subtle than outright cybernetic replacement.
-Your economy is reliant on only one part of the set of territory, population, and infrastructure, chosen at the time of consuming this Essence. Thus, whichever part you choose is as productive as if the other two parts were as good as they could possibly be. You receive a beneficial interpretation of this rule, but not one completely uncaring of potential exploits. Your citizens may be as productive as if working with the best equipment you could give them, but perfect automation that could let one person manage an infinite amount of technology will not lead to infinite economic output. If the effects of this aspect of the Essence would decrease your economic output rather than increase it, they are automatically disabled.
-The scientific and technological knowledge of your faction is pooled within a flawlessly constructed non-physical repository. This repository is inviolate so long as any members of your faction yet persist, and denies any efforts to reverse engineer your faction's technologies. Knowledge is both copied from the minds of individuals and downloaded into others as required, allowing all researchers to function effectively at the bleeding edge of progress. Combined with a number of error-correcting processes, scientific progress, and especially reverse-engineering, functions significantly more quickly, safely, and easily. Technical knowledge distributed in a similar manner ensures even the most undeveloped parts of your faction can immediately begin manufacturing the newest advanced weapons.
-Your faction requires minimal logistical support and upkeep. Occupied territory, soldiers, and machines of war count as part of your productive economy, even while actively fighting. None of your equipment, vehicles, or structures require any maintenance save to repair damage caused by enemy action. Once a vehicle or generator is fueled up, it will never need to be refueled; humans in your faction need neither food, water, nor sleep; downtime and resupply is wholly unnecessary. Similarly, weapons that have been stocked with a full load of ammunition will never need to be reloaded, nor will they actually use up their contents or payloads during combat.
-Though this Essence does not on its own permit the spontaneous generation of new workers, it allows for the expenditure of resources to enhance what you already have. You may spend your Resource to elevate any member of your faction towards their theoretical potential, giving them the benefits of training they could have performed naturally or repairing any manner of damage or injury. You may also spend your Resource to elevate the potential of any member of your faction towards their species' peak, giving a muggle arcane potential or a radioactive mutant flawless compatibility with the most inflexible genetic augmentations. This takes an amount of time similar to spending similar quantities of your resource to construct complex devices.
-Where a member of your faction uses a power that would normally draw upon external energies, they now draw upon a well of similar energies that is distinctly 'of the faction'. This greatly reduces the risk of interference by the normal source of the energies, and makes the powers used by members of your faction significantly harder to tamper with. The benefits of this effect scales with both the amount of stuff 'of the faction' in the local area and with the scope of the faction in total. At a sufficiently high level, this can allow abilities to function in antimagic zones or other places where they really shouldn't.
-Loyal members of your faction will never lose their loyalty to the faction unless interfered with by outside elements. Even interfering in this way is much more difficult than it would normally be; every part of the faction, including inanimate machinery, is significantly more resistant to both loyalty-eroding persuasion and outright supernatural corruption. It is always immediately obvious to still-loyal parts of your faction if a person or object has been subverted in any way; no deception can defy this sense. It is similarly immediately obvious to every loyal part of your faction if an order or command is valid, and thus next to impossible to subvert the chain of command.
-You may select one final benefit to reduce the costs of battle:
Your faction is capable of converting defeated or destroyed enemy units. This costs nothing but some trivial amount of labor, produces a new unit of your faction of a type analogous to the defeated unit's (thus, converting a primitive steam tank would let you produce a modern tank of your own pattern), and takes less than a tenth as long as making such a unit from scratch.
Your faction is capable of rapidly reclaiming your Resource from any destroyed unit, friendly or not. The efficiency of this effect scales with the degree to which the unit in question's construction matches your Resource; units constructed wholly from your Resource can exceed 70% material recovery even if reduced to tiny chunks.
Your faction is capable of resurrecting or rebuilding destroyed friendly units, so long as the corpse or hulk is even vaguely intact (in this regard, a starship broken apart into a dozen large chunks counts as 'mostly' intact). The time required and Resource cost depends on the degree of damage suffered, but never exceeds 50% of what it would take to build the destroyed unit from scratch.

Bluesnowman
Essence of Santa Empowerment
Mmmm tastes like all that is good about christmas.
The person empowered as Santa gains strength and power from the very Concept of Christmas gaining more strength and power the more people believe in Santa or Christmas. 1 Santa allowed per universe, though instead of empowering one in a new one you can give access to a previously empowered Santa to a new universe.
Each Santa you Empower grants you.
A portal to a place in the omniverse of your choice
1 Magic or Gamer System of your choice your potential in this will be among the top 1%.
1 Waifu if desired.
As long as one of your Santa’s exist you will have eternal youth and be able to alter your age at will.
Perfect memory, with infinite storage, perfect indexing, protection from harmful memories and the ability to move memories into hidden storage, replacing them with a mental note that you have done so and can restore them at will.
You never tire of the joys of life and your emotions will never be dulled by the mere passage of time. Adapting to cultural change over the centuries will never be grating.
Adaptive prefect regeneration
The North Pole is actually a rather large pocket universe that Santa can connect places.
Generates materials on demand for toys.
Those living here are immortal.
Santa is not limited by species or world covering entire universes.
If you choose when you empower the Santa he can cross universal and dimensional boundaries.
As long as even one person or child believes in Santa or Christmas he is truly Immortal along with his Mrs. Claus.
Naughty or Nice list.
Comes with loyal Elves and can recruit more of any species they are ageless while in Santa Land once they reach adulthood.
Any letter posted to Santa will reach him.
Completely fluent in any language that a believer speaks or knows.
Lesser Santa's such as mall and others can communicate with him as long as they truly believe.
He does make all deliveries on time but how he is not allowed to tell.
Essence of the Animator
Tastes a bit like crazy.
Upon Drinking this essence the drinker takes on several aspects of toons such as
Can alter their own age at will.
Unlimited Shapeshifting.
Immunity to mundan damage.
Able to use magic.
Personal Inventory/Hammer Space.
No longer needs to sleep, eat, drink, or breathe.
Able to live in environments that cannot support life.
Can modify their body with toon abilities.
Can make large objects fall where they desire.
Teleporting/telefragging with no range limit, this includes omniversal travel.
Can control their fertility in all aspects such as getting anything pregnant or getting pregnant from anything even things or species that would not regulay be capable of it.
This allows the Animator to choose to pass down anything they desire to their children from powers/knowledge/memories.
Agelessness
Perfect memory, with infinite storage, perfect indexing, protection from harmful memories and the ability to move memories into hidden storage, replacing them with a mental note that you have done so and can restore them at will.
You never tire of the joys of life and your emotions will never be dulled by the mere passage of time. Adapting to cultural change over the centuries will never be grating.
Adaptive prefect regeneration.
Able to create toons based on pics complete with memories, skills, personality, up to cosmic tier powers and completely loyal to they Animator chooses.
The Animator may choose to modify in any aspect the created toons during creation.
Can choose to allow the toons the ability to get pregnant and any limits on species or ways.
Perfect drawing skills including CGI.
Can bestow the gift of Toon Creation to other at will even enmass.
No Toons ever created will be able to harm you in any way shape or form unless you explicitly give them permission.
Essence Primordial Vampire Sire
Has a coppery aftertaste.
Gains power and skill rapidly as they age lifespan limitless.
Able to incorporate more powers into the virus and by drinking the blood of other vampire species and can include their powers/abilities when siring other vampires.
Can save different vampire species as templates to sire in the future.
No vampire sired will be able to match the original.
Can add knowledge/skill/powers/abilities into the new vampire species they create.
Can choose drain memories/knowledge/skill/powers and abilities through the blood they drink.
Can require their childer to pledge souls from which they gain more power.
Starting at baby Skyfather power level, with unlimited growth through age.
Can bargain for anything including souls/love/powers/abilities/lifespan/hopes/dream even age making a person younger and taking the age for himself to empower him even more.
Freely travel the Omniverse, helps if you have a way to target a particular reality such as a form of media about it.
Can learn any magic and use those and any Gamer Systems it encounters.
Gains power/strength/intelligence depth in all things as it ages, more souls in his afterlife or pledged to it, more childer he sires.
Has its own Afterlife where (s)he and those he sires and their partners can go when they die. And he rules it absolute.
Can always choose it reform after death from their afterlife.
Capable of crossbreeding with any sentient species. Very protective of those that they consider theirs.
One of the things that can make a supernaturally long life hard to bear is the gradual loss of memory. Over time, family, friends, and lovers all fade from the mind. Your happiness and sadness, your highs and lows. All that makes a person who they are slowly slips away. For you, that isn’t a problem. Your memory of events from ten million years ago are as sharp as those from ten minutes ago
You never tire of the joys of life and your emotions will never be dulled by the mere passage of time. Adapting to cultural change over the centuries will never be grating.

Essence of The Land
Tastes like everything and nothing at the same time. Both the vial and the liquid are constantly changing colors. Crush your enemies, honor your allies, LIVE! Revere your craft, grow your power, LIVE!

You can create Places of Power with any combination of Basic Elements, Deep Magic (No you cannot have Eldritch) and Higher Energy, Yes you may do them all.
Comes complete with Town Hall from Race of your choice.
You gain 500 settlement & research points per day.
Your powers will unlock at 1 per day and then once unlocked at 1 per week for levels 2-3 and after that 1 per month.
For every Place of Power you create you gain a Seed of the Quickening.
You may choose 7 buildings to have built for free when you create your place of Power you also gain a Core Wall of Vibranium.
Ability to generate mines of any resource for Places of Power
You may upgrade existing Places of Powers in any combination of the above ways, including adding more powers.
You can create 3 types of Dungeons .
1 the kind normally found in the Land.
Temporary Dungeons spawn enemies that drop any kind of loot including spell/skill/expertise/ability books. When making the portal to the dungeon the portal will glow according to danger level, you may see green your friend with less gear would see yellow or red depending. May make the enemies inside scale up to a designated power level. Such as your own or someone you are opening it for. Loot will scale appropriately.
Settings are semi-dungeon/pocket realm such as a portal to a D&D marketplace or Thessia/Omega from Mass Effect. Settings are unstable like dungeons and will disappear unless they become stable which requires the portal to stay open for roughly six months once they become stable the people within gain souls, generally by absorbing the souls of their namesakes from after they died somewhere in the multiverse. They do gain the knowledge of the origin of the setting and your involvement. This happens at the time you enter the setting.
Your settlement will automatically gain the Adventurer Specialization at level 5 on the first day granting you all bonuses up to and including the Blessing: Reliquaries of the Labyrinth, God Node and a free Multilevel Secret Treasury which can confiscate things without alerting the banks or Adventures.
The Land is all magic, all magic is The Land. so you may use all forms of magic save Eldritch without detriment.
You also gain all Spell Books up to Adept for all Basic Elements, Deep Magic save Eldritch, and Higher Energy. Including race specific such as Ambient Particles.
When you encounter other forms out in the Omniverse you gain similar spell books.
Travel/open portals to the Land at will this works within the Land as well opening portals freely.
This also applies to the different Planes in this universe though you need to be aware of those you want to travel to.
You may always choose when to appear in a reality whether that be 3 seconds or 3 millennia after you leave.
Always know the way back to your original reality.
Limitless 100% affinity in any and every skill You are truly limitless whether it be in skill growth, professions/focus/speciality or respawns there will always be another rank, level, Bloodline, Race or Place of Power you can always have another.
This also applies to the limits in all things such as the limit on warlord points per engagement at each rank.
The Fog of Knowledge for research and professions is peeled away completely to you.
You start as a level 1 Tier 2 Draike Tier 2 Chaos Lord and gain the Quest: Chaotic Flux quest and Akaton Evolution Spell and are a Master of Chaos Magic and gain your 2nd bloodline; Epic Vile Bloodline: Petrifying Ghost Harvest (should you wish it this will not affect Richter) You may choose the looks of your scales freely
Your Place of Power can have more than 1 Specialization/Focus.
You will always succeed in Ascension to higher tiers.
Your mana does not have an upper limit bad news spells or potions that would fill a person to max mana will now just fill to the next highest amount.
You are immune to the checks and balance in The Land.
Gain per level
37 Stat Points per level to allocate.
+1 to all Secondary Attributes.
+125% to the skill of your choice.
+10 to All Primary Attributes.
Banish and lock out Gods from universes.
Labyrinth While in the Land you may both create your own Node Road and once you leave the Land’s Multiverse you may start a seperate Labyrinth that can transverse the Omniverse and create your own Node Roads between all levels of the Omniverse.
Freely travel the Omniverse, helps if you have a way to target a particular reality such as a form of media about it.
The power Grant any place or person in whole or in part you go to to the system.
Oodles of TP You gain an additional 1000 talent point per level per profession and unlike normally these points are retroactive to the levels you have earned already
Blessings of Chaos
1. +500% chaos points earned from all sources.
2. 5 free purchase from the sea of chaos, may be used at any time and gains 1 more per week.
3. +15 to accessible stratums of the sea of chaos.
4. Gains 100 Chaos Points per day.
5. Access to sea of chaos before THE AGE of CHAOS.
6. You know other Chaos Seeds on sight.
7. Choose a theme each time you open the Sea of Chaos or just let RNG decide.
8. +3 to all Secondary Attributes.
9. 3 GrandMaster Skill or Expertise Books of your choice.
10. 500 Talent Points once and 25 talent points per day.
11. Unlimited Respawns.
12.You may gift any of the above blessings at will with other Chaos Seeds and may take them back at will.
Profession Rank Up Each week you may choose one of your Skills to increase 1 rank.
This not only grants the Rank but the expertise to go along with it.
You may choose 11 skills or subskills to start off on the Master level when you drink this essence.
You automatically know what skills at what levels are required for any profession.
View full Profession talent map.
​

A personal Cataclysm Vault that contains

Every scrap of knowledge and Lore from the beginning of The Land.
Vials of every bloodline that when used grants that Bloodline regenerates used vials after a month.
100 Magic Cores also gains 1 per month.
A comprehensive self-updating Magic Core Guide that lists everything that can be combined/made with them and how to make Magic Cores.
Rather than just using souls for soul stones you can use mana to charge them.
Psi Dragonling soul familiar.
This may be a pet from home living or dead gaining a new form.
Ability to comprehend any sapient languages.
Schematic Creator For any item you come across whether it’s a ring of health or an arm crossbow you can create a schematic of said item which will be Savant quality Potions/poisons will give Pure quality recipes in local ingredients. You will be able to generate these schematics on demand.
Merly by touching an enchanted item you will learn how to make both it and the enchant.
Works on potions giving you recipes and even telling you local ingredients. Much like a certain core building.
Scribing spell, skill and expertise books no matter the level only takes a total of 2 hours
Magic Savant- Magic users in the land are rare and special. It takes years of studying to become a master of any type of Magic. But you are a Savant. Your affinity for magic has no limits. Where most have to learn from a book or master a savant can merely watch magic performed to work out The spells cast and how to cast them yourself. This works even on the Unique Spells granted to Masters of Places of Power.
“Thrice heard and witnessed.” You are able to bind beings to things they say three times.
Pocket Mine You gain access to a pocket dimension with every type of ore used for crafting along with expertise books on how to do so that will regenerate 1 day after being removed.
As with the Land itself what doesn’t kill you makes you stronger but you come back from the dead don’t you so what does kill you make you even stronger still.
569% xp from all sources, learn 7 times faster and skill progression by 70%.
Those in your party and companions gain this as well.
Prefect Anti-scrying only the One Above All will ever be able to do so. Though you may grant friends the ability to do so and they will only be able to with pure intent and when not coerced.
You will gain a Spatial Expertise Book that will teach you spells on how to make Gamer type inventories.
Should you become trapped you will always get a choice to respawn to escape.
Items you also start with;
​

Monocle of Niclewis

Item Class: Artifact Quality: Masterwork Weight: 0.1 kg Traits: This is the monocle of the Master Craftsman Niclewis. Imbued with lost technology and forgotten alchemies, it allows the wearer to see and understand the latent energy of objects. Practice will increase the depth of this magical sight. Using the advanced sight of the monocle will drain your mana at a minimum rate of 1 MP/min. Deeper inspection can increase this drain with no upper limit. It is advised that the wearer exercise caution. This practice can be toggled off and on at will. There are also 3 passive traits of the monocle: There is a specific increase in the success rate of creating items of higher quality. This bonus is 90% Exceptional, 85% Superb, 80% Exquisite, 75% Masterwork upon the wearer’s skill level in Crafting. You have 1 additional Rank in regards to all crafting skills while wearing it. There is also a fixed +75% chance of successfully crafting items.

Ancestral Ring of the Hardings

The Harding family were a series of smiths that served the Green Tear Dynasty prior to the 4th Cataclysm. The blood of titans intermixed with the blood of the fey folk to form their short-lived race, the Elowyn. Though they are long extinct in The Land, some of their weapons and armor survive even eons later. The Hardings were among the greatest families of the lost Elowies. This ancestral ring was passed down through generations of their family, absorbing the blood, sweat and life energy of these titan descendants. So much power was passed through this item that it awakened a life of its own, some even say a consciousness. Any worthy smith wearing this ring will be able to mold almost any metal and will enjoy a drastic increase in their chances to make higher quality weapons and armor. This will teach you smithing and mining from Novice to Grandmaster
Summoner’s Ring Increases level of summoned creatures by +15.
​

Blood of Aged Glass Dragon

Focus Crystal This can be used to grow a Crystal Garden. It can be planted anywhere, but thrives underground. This is a living entity and it feeds on the ambient magic in the area.
Sustenance Belt While wearing this belt, you require 75% less sleep and 75% less food and water.
Wraith Mage Hyira-kur Set Any foes killed by the wearer of this item set have a chance of converting to a spirit, undead or living dead creature. If this occurs, they will be placed directly under wearers control.
​
Killing 1,000 enemies within a mile radius will desecrate that space if desired, death creatures regularly arise from this location and guard it from intruders. They will follow your every command.
Crown of Hyira-kur Defense: 63
Durability: 1835
Item Class: Legendary
Quality: Mastework
Weight: 3.7 kg
+1500 to Int and Wis
+250% to total defense against Death creature or Death magic
Gauntlet of Hyira-kur Defense: 79
Durability: 1611
Item Class: Legendary
Quality: Masterwork
Weight: 3.7
Effect: Siphon 50 health, mana, and stamina per second upon touch
Charges:1769
Staff of Hyira-kur Damage: 77-111
Durability: 1712
Item Class: Legendary
Quality: Masterwork
Weight: 6.2 kg
Effect:
+531% attack vs non-Death creatures
Fires beam of necrotic energy
Range: 303 yards
Charges: 1034
Necklace of Scry Defense Will block all but the most powerful scrying spells (God Level). You will not be able to be seen by divination, identification, tracking or detection spells.
Ring of Flowing Thought +70% Mana Regeneration
Elixir of Selak’s Luck Increase Luck by +50 for three hours and twenty one minutes refills after four hours.
Poison of Nil Abilities Blocks all abilities for 1 hour, refills after two hours.
Goatbanger Spell book.
1 Seed Core This can be planted to grow almost any type of tree per month. It will grow into whatever best fits the needs of the region.
Bottomless Bag O’Gold that generates 1000 gold per day.
Blood Stone One of the most feared items in existence, as even if used by somebody without any knowledge and skill at Blood Magic it can lay waste to armies, and in skilled one’s utterly destroyed entire countries. It is a complete repository of all knowledge on Blood Magic and can teach you several skills with it, but unlike standard blood stones it will not puppet your body or control you in any way. It also serves to enhance your blood magic.
Scroll Case of Monster Attraction This case generates a Scroll of Monster Attraction. Activating this scroll will attract the strongest monster within a one hundred mile radius. You may choose the level of the monster and the level of the soul.
A bookshelf that generates Masterwork blank books on demand.
A large tray that when used can generate anything you have ever eaten or drunk complete with utensils.
Pouch of powdered crystal. This pouch generates any kind of powered crystal on demand, though for blood crystal you will have to supply a sample of the blood.
Bottomless bag of Soul Stones enchanted with AOE Soul Trap Generates soul stones of the needed size on demand.
Bag of Filled Soul Stones You get 5 of each level per day except Absolute which you get 1 per week
Glimmer Ring +35 to Perception of hidden enemies within 25 yards. Concealed enemies will sparkle in your eyesight. Extremely effective in dark areas.
Slime Breeder’s Guide -This Guide is the perfect gift for anyone who has ever wanted to breed an army of slimes. Or, y’know, just keep a collection of slimes that create an endless supply of booze, potions, or other such things. Whatever you want, I suppose.Slime Creation- Knowledge of merging mana and a liquid creating a slime whether a blob or humanoid. Slime Knowledge – Gain knowledge of all known slime types and evolutions.Force Evolution – Force a slime that meets certain prerequisites to evolve into a new form.
1 Masterwork weapon of your choice along with a Master Skill book and an Expertise book to go along with said weapon
Perfect memory, with infinite storage, perfect indexing, protection from harmful memories and the ability to move memories into hidden storage, replacing them with a mental note that you have done so and can restore them at will.
You never tire of the joys of life and your emotions will never be dulled by the mere passage of time adapting to cultural change over the centuries will never be grating.
Sleep Learning You have 2 modes of sleep learning; one where you enter a white space and try and create spells of ritual. {A very good place to experiment as nothing you do damages you actual body, though if a mistake rips your body apart you will still feel a brief amount of pain.} A second which you select a skill to train and level and your unconscious mind levels/trains it up for you. In both modes you have infinite mana/stamina.
The ability to change what your status page shows others.
Control their fertility in all aspects such as getting anything pregnant or getting pregnant from anything even things or species that would not regulay be capable of it.
This allows you to choose to pass down anything you desire to your children from powers/abilities/affinities/knowledge/memories.
Choose a prime number of Waifu’s they will love you unconditionally and start as Blood Brother companions.
If you wish they can still guide you and call you on your shit.
They will respawn as long as you wish.
You may choose any of the benefits here to share with them.
They may be drawn from fiction.
Any powers and skill they have will gain a Land flavor.
Memories and personality will start off the same but can be modified simply by drawing them from an AU version of the canon.

Essence of the New Game+
As you drink this you can faintly hear your Foes death rattles and the lamentations of their women. Tastes like victory all over again.
At any point in time you can start your current adventure or a past one all over again.
You start will all the beneficial things powers/items/companions/knowledge/land
If you want, you may choose to start at level 1 for trolling purposes your powers and stats will not be any weaker/lower and you will still be able to use your higher level abilities.
You may also do this to others to their benefit or detriment.
Should you die or about to die this will automatically take effect.
This essence will temporarily generate Extremely powerful being to explain to those you use it on if you do not want to take credit for the act.
Perfect memory, with infinite storage, perfect indexing, protection from harmful memories and the ability to move memories into hidden storage, replacing them with a mental note that you have done so and can restore them at will.
You never tire of the joys of life and your emotions will never be dulled by the mere passage of time adapting to cultural change over the centuries will never be grating.
Freely travel the Omniverse, helps if you have a way to target a particular reality such as a form of media about it.
Adaptive prefect regeneration.
Even if you replace or kill the main characters, it will hit all the canon checkpoints. Should you be taking part in it you will find things passing for more quickly than time should actually allow. Buildings go up in hours when they should take days or weeks, dungeon delves that take weeks to pass go by in days or hours, building friendships and reputations happening quickly enough to remain relevant to the plot.

StealthGorgon1
Essence of the Space Gem
By drinking this vial of glowing blue liquid you are infused with the power of the Space Gem from Marvel.
You can now open portals to anywhere in the universe.
You can now see any location you wish in the universe without needing to be there (useful for avoiding instantaneous death)
You gain the ability to fire energy blasts
You no longer require air to breathe.
Become extremely durable, only able to be damaged by beings with similar powers.
If you travel to another universe you require a day to connect with the energy there to use these powers

Essence of the Time Gem
You may now abuse time as you wish without worry about repercussions.
You can rewind, stop, speed up, or loop time at will.
Your own timeline cannot be changed or damaged against your will.
You instinctively know when someone is trying to change the timeline and can decide to stop them at will.
Become extremely durable, only able to be damaged by beings with similar powers
If you travel to another universe you require a day to connect with the energy there to use these powers

Essence of the Reality Gem
You may now alter reality in a relatively small area of about 100 miles.
You can always tell if someone is trying to change, warp, or damage reality no matter how far away you are from the source.
You can fix damaged sections of reality.
Reality and causality affecting attacks no longer work on you.
You may change your shape to suit your whims.
You can create illusions so real that no one can tell the difference. With enough power you can even make them real.
Become extremely durable, only able to be damaged by beings with similar powers
If you travel to another universe you require a day to connect with the energy there to use these powers

Essence of the Mind Gem
You now have perfect memory, infinite storage, and instant recall of memories.
Your mind can now connect to the internet. Don’t worry, They cannot track your search history and no computer virus can affect you.
You can become intangible at will (for some reason).
Exposure to your powers can cause people to gain powers of their own. Or it could kill them.
You can brainwash people and are immune to the affects of mind attacks yourself.
If you find extra bodies then you can control all of them at once with no problems in focus.
You gain number crunching abilities better than a super computer.
Become extremely durable, only able to be damaged by beings with similar powers
If you travel to another universe you require a day to connect with the energy there to use these powers

Essence of the Power Gem
All powers, abilities, and Essences are supercharged.
Your physical abilities are unmatched to all but a very select few.
The main benefit of this Essence is that it will greatly empower the other Infinity Essences.
Unless you wish, you will never get tired.
Become extremely durable, only able to be damaged by beings with similar powers
If you travel to another universe you require a day to connect with the energy there to use these powers

Essence of the Soul Gem
You can read, change, manipulate, destroy, and return the souls of anyone. Even an immortal will die if you destroy their soul. (Soulless beings will need killing the old fashioned way to get rid of them)
Your attacks can target the souls of your enemies, making it so that they never miss.
Your own soul cannot be used as a vector of attack.
You become unaging and near immortal (near as in you can still be killed).
You gain access to your own afterlife, and can visit any others at will.
Become extremely durable, only able to be damaged by beings with similar powers
If you travel to another universe you require a day to connect with the energy there to use these powers

Essence of the Ego Gem
You can now access the sum knowledge of all that is, has been, and could be.
You gain perfect memory, infinite storage, and instant recall.
Exponential learning speed.
Become extremely durable, only able to be damaged by beings with similar powers

Essence of the Infinity Gems
By consuming all six of the standard Infinity Essences you have gained overwhelming cosmic might.
Union effect: if you consume the six standard Essences then you gain new Essence unique to your new abilities. This is the only method to gain this Essence.
All effects from Infinity Essences are increased to their maximum possibility.
You could do the whole Snapping thing if you want, but the sheer amount of power required will severely weaken you for anywhere from one week to two years depending on the scale and other Essence interactions.
You are immortal. Your durability beyond what anyone but a handful of people can bypass.
You do not need to eat, sleep, drink, produce waste, or breath.
You no longer need sleep.
The time to reconnect with the Infinity Power when traveling universes is now 1 hour instead of 1 day.

Essence of Nemesis
By consuming all Seven Infinity Essences you gain the unmatched cosmic power of Nemesis, Ashe who created the multiverse in the Marvel-verse, the daughter of the One-Above-All.
You are truly immortal, incapable of aging, invincible to all but Creator Gods such as the One-Above-All.
You can create anything, including new universes with your power.
As an added bonus you will never feel lonely again.
Eldritch horrors might try and eat and/or mate with you.
You can change the laws of physics at will.
You may gain new responsibilities to keep the universe running. You don’t have to do this, but most beings will appreciate it.

Esper
Essence of the Healer
Tastes like Pepto Bismol
By consuming the essence of the Healer, you are granted several boons:
An aura over several miles in radius that cleans and restores the environment from pollution and curses, lessens the frequency of natural disasters, and causes both plants and creatures to repopulate decimated areas at three times their numbers in a few months and in general repopulate at twice the rate in all other areas in the same time frame without any problems from inbreeding. This will not affect invasive species of plants and creatures, imported are fine just not actively destructive varieties.
You may place permanent fields down anywhere, to persist after you leave.
A presence that is soothing to others, such that it aids in the recovery, lessening, and overcoming of crippling injuries, infections, disease, spiritual maladies and wounds, and psychological problems such as addiction, PTSD, etc. as well as chronic conditions and their magical, sci-fi, or memetic equivalents. Your presence ensures that the people around you improve to become their best possible selves physically, mentally, and spiritually within less than a year (this varies based on their condition but always within a year) even if they barely interact with you and you will never have to worry about them self sabotaging themselves. You yourself benefit, becoming a well adjusted person with an inviolable soul which ensures you’ll be able to recover from anything that doesn’t straight up kill you within a year.
Your presence extends over an entire household or large room (such as in large factory floor spaces, warehouses, or any open floor etc.) and can even affect people over the internet by just being on the website or other live communications.
You gain immunity to blindness, deafness, muteness, madness, addiction, overdosing, disease, toxins, poisons, harmful radiation, mutations, or warping effects, infections, parasites, pests, and their magical, sci-fi, or memetic equivalents; your body will also be brought to peak condition, will always be clean, with genetic defects or malformations cured. Your offspring are also immune to genetic defects and malformations.
The ability to thrive on quarter rations without suffering negative effects. Only by starving could you be affected and even then these changes can be cured in just a month by resuming eating.
Gain an increased lifespan that can last for millennia with the effects of age being gentler on you even in your advanced years. You also gain immunity to the ennui of time and any effects that would make living longer difficult. No matter how old you are, you won't have any trouble keeping up with advancements or connecting with other people.
Regenerate perfectly in half the time of a normal human, you can recover from even crippling injuries and lost limbs given time or you can speed up this process by healing yourself.
A complete mental archive of medicinal plants and how to prepare them, the ability to identify and tell them apart from their impostors, and how to harvest them as well as when; just in case. This archive will update with any new samples you acquire.
Beyond Genius level intellect with a perfect memory, archiving, indexing, instant recall, fully retroactive with protection from harmful memories, and protection against mental devouring or other death of personality type effects. This will not prevent you from learning and growing as a person, but is a defence against any power or being that would force you to change including sudden ascension due to increased intellect or becoming a god.
The ability to scan the health of others’ flesh with a touch, check the state of their mind and soul, and see mystical effects such as curses and demons.
An incomparable skill at the mundane medical profession in all techniques from established medicine, to esoteric acupuncture or sound resonance treatments, and up to natural herbal or other remedies from nature’s bounty; you know all things related to germ prevention, surgery, etc. and how to practice them; just in case. This knowledge encompasses all of history to the level of the modern world and automatically updates with current information if you should find a way into other universes. It is also flawless, giving you only techniques and knowledge that really work so you need not worry about prescribing pig’s blood and crow feathers unless real magic is involved.
The ability to cleanse and heal creatures and beings mentally, physically, and spiritually; banish evil spirits, exorcise demons, purify malignant energies or effects, reverse monsterfication, lift curses, even cure creatures such as vampires or werewolves, time related effects, restore whole limbs and organs, cure genetic mutations and defects, restore the mind, undo brainwashing, etc. and speed up the process of your passive aura or presence by concentrating on them. These can be done at a distance, on single or multiple targets, or by laying hands on the recipient the latter of which is more potent.
With practice you can learn to revive and restore the dead to full life and expand your active healing to encompass entire cities and beyond.
You also heal yourself and others ‘cleanly’ wounds close without obstructions like bullets remaining in them, splintered bones realign without issue, shattered minds recover with the core personality and memories intact, even harmful cybernetics can be removed if needed.
You may toggle any of these gifts on or off, control their intensity, or specify what they effect. The intensity cannot be raised beyond your current healing strength.

Essence of the Unraveler
Tastes like yarn.
By drinking this Essence, you gain the ability to unravel anything even the effects from other Essences.
You may control and switch how your ability manifests whether as a passive aura, through a look, as a targeted blast, or through some other means.
You cannot be killed or unmade by your own power even if someone were to hijack it or hypnotize you, but you can use it to change yourself such as by discarding powers, beauty, even skills. You can reverse any unraveling you do.
In its aura state you can increase the range to just your personal space up to an entire planet.
Concentrated blasts also have incredible range, able to traverse lightyears in seconds.
A look is limited to what you can see and how far your vision reaches.
You can specify in detail what your power targets or even direct it to affect multiple things. You can affect several dozen things at once and make your power stop at any time.
Your power will not unravel life, the spiritual, the conceptual, the universe, the world, living beings or things, or mundane things by default unless you will it so while being of sound mind, but it will begin unraveling anything that currently threatens you or your loved ones whether you’re aware of them or not. You will not will away what you would later regret just because you blew your top that one time.
There is nothing in creation, barring the Archdiety, that you cannot unravel. Superpowers, divine weapons, fiat backed blessings, enforced immunity to consequences, conceptual Domains, Omega Beams, beings both sentient and sapient, Laws, dimensional barriers, excuses from whiny brats...all comes undone before you either being unraveled like a spool of wool in a gradual manner or simply instantly ceasing to be. When you condemn The Joker to non existence, he stays gone. When you rip apart a person’s arguments they cannot defend themselves with a counterargument big enough to cover their own folly, this only works if you are right though and if you should both be right your power will chip away at what bars you both from agreeing.
Things that are unraveled gradually will do so in a timely manner so that the overall outcome is a net positive in the least detrimental way possible unless you wish otherwise. Things that instantly cease to be cause the world to act as though it already happened unless you wish otherwise, such as having the world notice the sudden change. Things might still be a bit messy in either case but the fallout will be much more gentle than it would turn out otherwise.
For example: If you begin unraveling the national debt gradually it will cause only those who can afford it, including the government, to begin paying the debt without causing the economy to crash. Instantly, it will be as though the debt had just been paid off unless you specify otherwise, such as having the debt be paid off earlier.
Similarly, drug and human trafficking and child sex rings will be uncovered swiftly and shut down with all the involved parties arrested with overwhelming evidence against them. Keep in mind these things happen according to a nation’s particular laws and ability to enforce it. A world of complete anarchy must first be unraveled into a stable system before laws can be enforced.
You may speed up the pace at which things unravel, pause them, or slow it down if the default ‘timely manner’ doesn’t suit your plans but the messiness of the fallout may increase depending on the complexity of the problem. For gradual workings you’ll get a timer to how long they take to unravel.
As a consequence of imbibing this Essence, you have intuitive knowledge of the outcome for any situation where you consider using it, how removing something will affect the future or even the loved ones of the person you erased, to whether your actions will do untold damage or if abstaining will cause even more.
You may turn this power on or off at any time.
Note: In cases where you’re being immediately threatened, such as the aforementioned Omega Beams being shot at you, the unraveling will be instant and obvious. You can control this if you are aware enough to do so.

Essence of the Street Tier
(Personalized Essences: Esper Edition)
Tastes like blood and tears
By drinking this Essence, you gain several boons:
There will be a complete reformatting of your soul structure, making it totally independent from the metaphysical system of your multiverse, universe, planet etc.
A partial rewriting of your existence such that you can continue to exist in places that would normally render it impossible, and basically still act as normal. You can enter a cartoon universe without yourself becoming a cartoon, travel through the ethereal realm without shedding your corporeal form and so on.
A capacity to automatically adapt to non-maliciously hostile environments such that you can exist comfortably in them indefinitely, be it the depths of space or the elemental plane of fire.
You gain an enhanced ability to navigate the multiverse, landing precisely where you desire within a universe and within the multiverse if you don't have interference, and always knowing the exact risks of attempting to navigate dimensional disturbances before attempting.
You have the same potential as any of the Fallout protagonists going from a no name wastelander to a feared and respected legend wherever you may roam.
You will get an instinctive and fundamental understanding of who you truly are.
You become aware of every function in your body and state of health, while gaining independence from them. IE, you no longer need your brain to think.
Your intellectual faculties (mental capacity, mental focus, calculation, computation, cognition, competence, memory, wit, ingenuity, creativity, mental perception, learning capacity, deductive reasoning, inductive reasoning, visualization, analysis, instinct, intuition, self-awareness, composure, mentality, multi-tasking, etc.) are increased to the absolute maximum possible for your species, and perhaps slightly beyond even that.
Every iota of every quality and characteristic that you possess, every scrap of knowledge that you have ever acquired or ever will acquire, is at your instantaneous, effortless command. This grants you, among other things, a perfect memory with unlimited storage, tamper-proofing, archiving, instant and total recall, and perfect indexing that is retroactive across your entire life to a significant degree of post-cognition with protection from harmful memories.
You gain an arbitrarily fast speed of thought and infinite multitasking abilities. Your computational abilities increase to the point where you can effortlessly solve any algorithm in a single unit of Planck time, or less. You learn extremely quickly, taking in months of experience in days, years of experience in weeks and decades if not a century of experience in years, no teacher is required, and everything that develops will unconsciously be self-correcting to perfection and beyond. This will even work on your Essences and even similar abilities that help other abilities grow. Your intellectual baseline will likewise be increased so that you are a truly multifaceted genius and at least as smart and talented as any human that has ever lived. You will be a true Renaissance man, able to apply the full force of your intellect to any or all fields of endeavor that might strike your fancy with equal ease.
Gain practically infinite trains of thought.
Gain knowledge of any data storage device or book just by touching it, no reading necessary.
You gain absolute immunity to cognito-hazards, info-hazards, and all forms of Malign Hyper-cognition Disorder.
You will instantly be aware of anyone attempting to read your mind or sense your emotions and can immediately create false thoughts, feelings and even memories that will show any mental scan exactly what you want them to see.
You gain absolute patience and immunity to boredom. At the speeds you can think, these are a necessity.
Your intellectual expansion will not materially alter your personality against your will, although you may of course apply your newly heightened capacities for self-awareness and introspection towards the goal of personal growth and change if you want to. Otherwise you will still remain "yourself" as much as possible despite your new level of sapience, without risking the death of personality that can sometimes accompany transcendence. Regardless of whatever happens, you will always remain as "human" - in whatever sense of the word that means to you - as you desire to be.
All limitations are lifted from your body, mind, and soul. No matter which quality of yours you are trying to improve, you will always find new ways to advance yourself a reasonable amount in a reasonable timeframe. Ultimately all it takes is you being willing to put in the effort, and you will always be able to muster sufficient willpower to be able to push yourself to improve or encourage others to do likewise.
Skills, stats, and abilities never degrade due to lack of training or the passage of time, [neither your body even if you were to languish for eons, old age is far gentler on you].
Your body is completely rid of minor aches and pains and minor wounds heal near Instantaneously while recovering cut limbs in a matter of days. You also tend to heal *cleanly*, getting even shredded flesh and intensely shattered bones back into their natural shape with minimal assistance and leaving only minor scars that will fade quickly [unless you want to keep them].
As a physical baseline, you will receive a perfectly healthy human body [cosmetically sculpted in] what you would consider your ideal appearance and you may change your gender at will. This includes gaining physical traits such as strength or agility. You start out at roughly fifty percent above peak human strength, above peak human toughness and speed, and with peak human senses. Your reflexes, awareness, balance, flexibility, and hand-eye coordination are similarly enhanced. You will recover at least several times more rapidly than normal from any injury or illness that does not kill you outright.
You gain ideal harmony of thought and action. You simply do not fail at anything you attempt so long as you had a non-zero probability of success in the first place. Your talents, skills, abilities, instincts, and luck will all come together in a perfectly subtle and harmonious whole to guarantee absolute peak performance every time. Note that this is not omnipotence - if you had simply no possibility of succeeding, then you will still fail. To use a tabletop RPG analogy, any time you would normally roll dice then you would auto-crit or max-damage instead but you're still capped by what would otherwise be your stats and abilities.
Any of your powers, skills, and abilities [or internal energies] can never be drained, controlled, reduced, sealed, altered, stolen, destroyed, or otherwise limited or manipulated in any form or fashion against your will. They will also work anywhere, in any universe or dimension you visit, no matter their nature.
You also have the ability to turn any of your powers, perks, skills, etc. from fully off to fully on, or anywhere in between, and you cannot be forced to use this metaphorical dimmer-switch against your will.
You can learn any magic or Ki or Chakra or similar such abilities even if you don't have the circuits or nerves or bloodlines or cores or gender etc. you also can gain potentially any and all superpowers, skills, forms, magic, psychic power, etc.
For any power or ability you acquire you will have the necessary secondary powers that allow them to function this includes the often implied but never stated ability to have your powers work in ways that won’t hurt or adversely affect you, the environment in some cases, or things you use your powers on.
You gain the power to harmonize any conflicting power or abilities. Using light magic won't stop you from using dark magic, even at the same time. Being evil won't stop you from using good only abilities. This applies to everything you can do from magic, to super science, to simple training...you always find a way no matter how impossible.
You become perfectly capable of using powers, abilities, techniques, etc. without any adverse effects. This ranges from not suffering from Taint-buildup as an Aberrant Nova, able to swim as a Devil Fruit user, or being immune to the Great Curse as a regular Exalt. This includes usage of mutually contradictory abilities, so you can also eat multiple Devil Fruits, or drink more than one Cauldron Vial, without dying or horribly mutating.
Any adverse drawbacks from using relevant abilities are instead long-lasting for you; if you are required to sacrifice an eye, it will regain functionality a month later. You are also made aware of any mental illness, disorders, disabilities or other conditions you may be suffering from and may have any or all of them cured at your discretion.
Although your powers cannot be altered or taken from you, sometimes to defeat the bad guy you have to sacrifice your power to do it. Now you can do this too and no amount of resurrection or plot armor can save your enemies from a permanent death. However, unlike other protagonists you don't lose your powers permanently if you sacrifice them to take down an enemy. Instead you will regain the power that you sacrificed after 2 years and when your powers return they will be at least an order of magnitude stronger. This even works if you sacrifice your power to save a loved one or bring someone back to life etc.
Similar powers stack together to increase to beyond what they would be individually. Should you wish you can combine any similar abilities together instead of keeping them separate and this combined power will work the same as it would have if you stacked the similar powers. This will help you keep track of the different abilities you have.
You are at zero risk of ever becoming overspecialized or trapped in an evolutionary dead end. No matter what you learn you can always choose to learn new things if you wish, even if people could not normally learn both. Likewise, you will always be capable of approaching new concepts without being unconsciously biased or constrained by what you already know and instead judging it fairly upon its merits.
You have impressive endurance, stamina, are mostly tireless, and possess incredible pain tolerance.
Your diligence is boosted, making you more driven and motivated, as it purges excessive indolence and procrastination. That is to say, while you still value relaxing and chilling out, you wouldn't put something off if it's important.
Additionally, this essence will always fill you with a sense of purpose. While this can be to be a hero, it can be something similar like wanting to teach people or to help those less fortunate without a cape at your back like a police officer or nurse. Whatever it is, it acts as a foundation and centre for your sense of self and a wellspring of drive and motivation.
With this purpose, you can use it to ignite the fuel that is your existence and dump all your power, all your stamina, all your magic, everything that makes up you that won't outright kill or maim you if it is used for fuel, into a single moment. This moment becomes an action or an attack that when unleashed can break even the most powerful of foes, even when you are at death's door and you are beginning to weaken, this purpose-filled action will be greater than anything that you could do even at your best.
If you use your purpose initially before your body is nearly broken by the obstacle(s) you are about to face, while you are still strong in body, mind and soul, the action or attack would be greater than ever possible naturally. But afterwards, no matter how you were before using your purpose to fuel your abilities, it will be a miracle if you could stand. No matter what abilities, powers or miracles you have, you will be exhausted and out for a significant amount of time. And even if you should fall, your memory will drive the people you meet, the people you inspired and given hope to, to be heroes and to do much greatness that is not even thought possible.
You now no longer need to produce human waste, [though you can if you want to] and are immune to the harmful effects of radiation alongside extreme environments ranging from the bottom of the ocean to the vacuum of space.
Total immunity to all forms of poison, venom, sickness, or disease, mundane or otherwise. Any existing ailments of physical, mental, or spiritual nature that plagues you will be completely cured upon drinking this essence. You also gain a blanket immunity to all viruses, no matter how hazardous they are. Ebola? Might as well not exist! Black Plague? Don't even notice it. T-Virus? You'll be eating it's brains! You may, of course, turn this off for some viruses.
Infinite willpower to keep going through any amount of hardship; even bloody and broken you will not stop, and you will, forevermore, be protected from the effects of despair, boredom, ennui, etc. that will make living forever a pain in the ass. You can shrug off any influence and remain unchanging in the face of all opposition, this does not affect your ability to learn from your mistakes or grow as a person. You have the will of a warrior and could face down an entire bandit lair using sub-par equipment without letting fear or pain affect you. You are still able to tell when something is dangerous though.
Your freedom is also inviolate, protecting you from being imprisoned, incapacitated, trapped, bound, owned, sealed, etc. against your will, automatically freeing you from such situations and teleporting you to the nearest safe location. [You may toggle this on and off if you need to.] If you choose, you may allow somebody to seal you away and suppress your power but you will be able to escape the seal by breaking them or simply escape without even touching the seals if you don't want anyone to know you have escaped. This has the advantage of making the seals act like training wheels. The longer you have been sealed away the stronger your power becomes. Merely spending a year sealed away would double your power and it will keep doubling the longer you are sealed.
You are completely immune to any attempt to forcefully change, control, or manipulate your body, mind, and soul against your will in any fashion no matter what method is attempted or used and you will never be permanently lost inside your own head. You are immune to fear, manipulation, or otherwise subversion of your indomitable spirit with an indestructible mind, that is highly resistant to insanity and which will eventually recover from any amount of mental trauma or destruction even if crushed or obliterated by overwhelming force. The temptations of the most vile beings and the evils of man are but a ticklish wind onto your shining existence. Those that use supernaturally boosted persuasion are equally stymied, being forced to rely on simple mundane arguments against you as anything beyond that flatly fails to work. You are also rendered immune to memetic hazards, infohazards, psychic assaults, being devoured by a hivemind, loss of identity/individuality, brainwashing, mental deterioration, mind control, insanity, lobotomy, split personality takeover, mind viruses, lotus eater machines, thought weapons, mind traps, self-aware ideas, basilisk hacks, having your mind sealed, interfered with, or tampered with at all. Your mind is your own.
This immunity also extends to supernatural influence that such beings would employ. This includes curses, hexes, possession, and other forms of dark magic used against you.
Your soul cannot be targeted as a vector of attack - the only thing you are still vulnerable to will be actual physical violence, if such things can cause damage to you.
No Oracles or any other form of precognition can account for you, ever. Any predictions that are made will be made without taking you into account, and if seeking you out directly, all they get is static. In addition, you are not bound by fate anymore; your destiny is only what you make of it with a subtle anti-fate effect that derails the plans of anything you wish, often in humorous or bizarre ways. This extends to the point that people and events that are deemed unstoppable or even unkillable, just because they are destined to, can be killed by you permanently.
You are also immune to reality warping shenanigans, such as being caught in time paradoxes, time stops, not existing due to someone killing your mother when she's pregnant with you, etc. - your very existence is inviolate. In addition, you will remember both versions of the timeline if it is changed.
Anything that attempts to bypass your immunities, even other Essences, fails outright.
Note: You can still be injured or killed through direct physical damage, if such things are capable of damaging you; all this Essence does is preventing your body, mind, and soul from being affected by other forces without your consent.
If you are somehow destroyed, you will respawn in a safe location within 24 hours in your physical prime.
You have enhanced durability, particularly relating to impacts. This allows you to survive severe car crashes with no injuries and only the mildest and most fleeting disorientation, explosions merely bruise and singe instead of liquefying and/or incinerating, and you can even jump from the top of multi-story buildings and land with no damage to yourself (though damage to the sidewalk is another issue).
You can endure extreme heat & flame without being harmed.
You possess the ability to somehow always get out of problems or crimes you committed despite all odds and cover will always protect you from projectiles until it's blown away, even from explosions like rockets.
You're always clean [shaved, and groomed] as if you just got out of a shower and B.O is eliminated with the mess sliding right off you. (Individual parts may be toggled off, like for example you want some mess to stay on you. Also this works internally so you no longer need to brush your teeth or worry about bad breath, clogged arteries, chemical buildup in your organs, etc.)
You always have enough money to get by.
An independent bank account is opened in your name for your funds which will collect interest depending on how much you have. A credit card appears in your hand that is connected to this bank account. This account is hacker proof and only you can withdraw, deposit, or give permission to deposit money from this account and use this card. You can use this to withdraw or deposit money from any banks and ATM without any charges. The ATM and bank clerks will not question or wonder about the bank account or credit card. This bank account is available to you in all worlds and universes where banks exist. The credit card will appear next to you if it’s ever stolen or lost.
You can create valid currency from your account funds out of thin air if you can’t find a bank, ATM, or use your credit card. You can also deposit funds directly into the account for similar reasons.
You can magically exchange one form of currency you wish into another, you cannot magically exchange sapient beings with other currency no matter what that may be, sentient beings, or other sapient beings. You can summon paperwork and other forms of ID you might need in a new world. Your paperwork will be of convincing quality and can change local sources of information to fit itself.
You can spend as much as you like without worrying about the economy crashing with how much money is being circulated into it. It will actually help it and no one will question where the extra money is coming from. The extra money will sort itself out after a couple of weeks and disappear without it affecting anyone or hurting the economy.
No one will question or investigate where you are getting your money or how you are buying your things. You could buy entire companies and no one will care or investigate it.
You won’t have to worry about the IRS or other government agencies that deal with money and taxes. They will never investigate you about your money and will never tax you. No one will ever question you about this.
You become able to speak and understand any language, whether spoken, written or containing non-verbal components such as telepathy.
You will always know where you are, where you've been and how to navigate/orient yourself by any means.
Other living beings do not see you as a threat and will ignore you. Creatures of human intellect like Sphinxes or dragons capable of human speech can make the conscious choice to attack you, but will instinctively have a positive impression of you.
Unlike other people, you will never be hated and feared based solely on the fact that you are different. You will be judged for your attitude and actions.
You can communicate with creatures possessing animal intellect.
Monsters and animals in general will leave you alone or even help you if they like you enough.
You gain an instinctive knowledge of the characteristics of every beast you encounter, including their requirements for habitat and food, how to best approach them, and how to treat any injuries or illnesses they might have.
You can eat as much as you want without having to worry about your weight. In fact, the more you eat, the more your attributes increase, [you have an infinite capacity for the things you consume]. Your entire body now becomes very stretchy and flexible, this allows you to do things like easily unhinge your jaw and eat things even bigger than your head but not your body.
You can eat anything. Your teeth will bite through any substance, and it will soften inside your mouth. Anything you eat will also nourish you like if you were eating a healthy meal.
All things necessary for eating will also become invulnerable to harm, teeth, mouth, throat, stomach and so on, so don't worry about eating fire or something. You can control how long it takes for you to fully digest something, from several hours to instantly.
You are able to assess the value of anything you see. Any object, living being, or even a concept such as a person's emotions. This value can be equated to any other kind of value, whether it be physical currency, energy, mana, etc. You can at will, get a general sense of the potential of someone as well as individuals destined to be great or terrible.
You can negotiate any sort of transaction with ease, with knowledge of loopholes and clauses. You become a master of contracts and legalize. You may easily compose long, intricate and ironclad contracts as easily as breathing, containing or closing any loophole you wish. You can establish contracts for favors with other living beings in order to waive or reduce the value paid for the desired effect. This can include supernatural beings such as demons. You instantly become aware of any loophole or wording which may have positive or negative repercussions in any deal you are aware of. You also have immense skill in making the most of a potential contract.
You may also act as a mediator between two parties, creating similar contracts and overseeing their execution impartially. While the subjects of trades must do so of their own free will, doing so under coercion is not considered free will.
If you so desire, you may conjure these contracts out of nothingness and dismiss them to a pocket dimension only you have access to. You may choose to store anything obtained as a result of a contract, in said contract without it being dispersed to anyone.
Once a contract is signed and sealed, you are linked to the other party or parties, and will know when they are fulfilling their end of the bargain. This link lasts until the contract is fulfilled or all sides agree to break it off (should you include such a capability in the contract).
No entity can double cross, betray, force their will, or otherwise try and cheat you in a contract, deal, or empowerment like a CYOA. Those that try implode into nothingness, or suffer some other punishment you might fancy. Nothing happens if you cheat them.
You gain several Edges; minor powers that grant an edge against the supernatural. These powers range from potent attacks, to minor healing, to minor future sight.
You may, over time, develop more Edges. These powers are generally street level, but more powerful abilities can develop as you grow in strength. More powerful abilities can take their toll on your body in painful ways, so be careful when using them.
You have a power that can stun or knock out a target.
You gain an intuitive sense of the environment & can view the Earth as weather patterns, are able to detect the gravitational stress on the tides by the Moon & Sun as well as the distortion of a planet's magnetosphere.
Are capable of casting any spell, as long as you have the energy, not requiring any extra element like a focus or materials. The time required to cast, if any, remains however. Your energy refills at an incredible rate and can go from empty to full in an hour and this rate improves further with training.
Manipulate entire magic systems or combine them with experimentation.
You gain the ability to project Light Wings. They're primarily used as a defensive shield capable of repelling many attacks. You can shape how your wings appear when you manifest them. These wings will scale to you in power as you grow.
You’re initially limited to one, but with training, you should be able to wield three wings by the end of ten years. You’ll gain ten such wings total, eventually. A single wing can defend against a number of minor attacks from any direction, like bullets, blades or anti-personnel energy weapons. Attacks from vehicle or ship-mounted sources can break the wing under sustained fire, forcing you to concentrate for several seconds to restore it. The wings have edges measured in Planck Lengths, though they will never cut anything you don’t want them to.
Your wings will activate automatically to any threat coming at you whether you perceive it or not. You also are capable of flight with your wings, flying as fast as 350mph.
You have insane aim to the point where you could no scope headshot a guy while spinning 360 degrees miles away.
Your bullet's trajectory isn't affected by gravity or air resistance or even water.
You get a weapon wheel to put weapons and guns in with around 12 slots that you can switch between near instantaneously at will.
You have a separate demolitions slot that fits in things that go boom. Like frag grenades.
Your weapons will never jam and don't need cleaning.
You automatically have the skills to drive, pilot or ride any form of vehicle or mount. You gain the ability to race with a vehicle really well.
The first time you get into or onto a vehicle, you may choose to boost the vehicle's power plant and propulsion systems. Yes. This also applies to animal drawn vehicles and wind blown boats as well. These changes are permanent.
Any vehicle you get into will be reinforced to appropriate safety levels.
You will never run out of fuel or power for your vehicle while you are operating it.
Mastery of many weapons and unarmed styles, even just plain old brawling. You know the perfect ways to train all your powers and improve them or remove limitations/weaknesses. You have complete finesse when using your abilities.
Immense skill conducting war on a strategic and tactical level. You are very good at subtlety and misdirection.
You are also skilled at improvising and thinking on your feet and have the ability to be able to hide in public with the flimsiest of disguises. You are exceptionally skilled at stealth and can sneak successfully through the toughest mortal security.
Good handle of logistics and how to raise and train a force from a small band of soldiers to entire armies.
Mastery of many sciences, even ones man has not discovered yet.
Master craftsman, able to design, build, and maintain anything from machines to a simple shovel. The ability to swiftly craft your creations.
Flawless work, anything created will never rot or rust only able to be destroyed through violence. These creations are extremely durable as well. Creations work better than one made by someone else.
Can reverse engineer anything with enough time with the ability to learn new crafting methodologies and a preternatural ability to improve and refine past, present and future technologies once the principles they operate on are understood.
You are granted the skill set necessary to survive in any environment, with your body/clothes adapting as needed, you are at home just as much in the heart of a jungle as a regular city. Can survive and thrive in desperate situations and adapt accordingly even if logically you would most likely die an ignoble death. You will adapt to any reality or place you enter as easily and with as little harm to the world itself as any native.
You become an excellent (though not perfect) judge of character.
You gain the knowledge and ability that made All Might, Superman and Captain America the greats of their time. You do not gain their powers, but rather, you will naturally begin to understand how they inspire hope, teamwork and positivity, your mind becoming a weapon that will pierce all evil and bring back even the most broken of people. And thus, know how to change people for the better.
With your charisma comes great oratorical skills. You can rally a crowd, hold your own in a debate, and persuade people that you are an individual of talent and character. You have a talent for tricking & fooling people through wordplay as well as able to calm all those around you. You are excellent at negotiating and very good at building consensus.
You possess a mastery of economics, logistics, politics, and other things needed to run a functional power. You intuitively understand the ins and outs of politicking. You become more farsighted and better able to see the big picture and focusing on details. While you're not outright psychic, you have a better idea of the overall situation and possible consequences of actions (both yours and others') than most people.
You will be generally respected, even by your opponents. Career-wise, you will be better at weathering storms and bouncing back than the average person. There are no guarantees of your survival or return, but you will be more skilled in doing so, and circumstances will generally be in your favor after a period of hardship.
You gain all the prerequisite skills needed to run an interstellar power whether it be in war and peace, and bring that state into a golden age of prosperity.
Receive the skills and ability of an expert captain, able to command and wield your flagship like a fine instrument of death.
Last but not least, you have an intuitive understanding of how to capitalize on victories and recover from defeats.
With your presence, you will instil awe and fear to all enemies you face, even if they are a galaxy-spanning hive mind of bugs, a cold machine, or anything else inhuman. They will know fear.
You have a charisma that is unrivalled, knowing exactly what to say and when to say it. Instil teamwork and cooperation where even the worst of rivals can work together. Your very presence makes people have hope and makes them never give up, even in the most desperate of times against the foes that they know cannot be defeated.
Your determination/hot-bloodedness can now be dialed up and down at will, without compromising your thought processes.
You can alter your clothes and items to local equivalents at will and can switch them back as you wish.
You may change your clothing into any design at will and mentally save several of them to be stage costumes for easy access.
You are instantly aware of where any given portal leads, the conditions on the other side of it, who created it, how it was created, how to recreate it and how to collapse it, both safely and maliciously.
You gain an intuitive knowledge of the surrounding multiverse, you also gain awareness of all alternate variants of you across the multiverse.
You have a ‘sixth sense’ that is attuned to the larger multiverse; this sense will tell you where you are needed the most.
You can 'mark' any world that you've been to in order to more easily find it again and always know the way back to your original reality.
You may also once a day summon a purity seal which will protect a target against corruption or mental intrusion.
You can also cure and render people immune to radiation poisoning, brainwashing effects, and other negative mental status effects.
You may manifest your soul.
You are granted encyclopedic knowledge of all the ingredients in the multiverse.
You can receive ideas on how to create new dishes.
Making good food and fine drink comes easily to you. Given some understanding of the recipe, you could cook the fanciest meal in a single pan over a campfire, or distill fine liquor from raw produce with nothing but a single unlidded pot. The speed at which you can cook is tied to your needs- should you find it necessary, you could prepare a veritable feast for dozens of friends in the space of an hour. You find it easy to replace one ingredient with another, to the extent of flawlessly recreating meaty dishes with nothing but vegetables, and can stretch supplies to feed many times as many people as should be possible, at the cost of producing slightly simpler meals.
Immense knowledge on both occult and alchemical lore that updates itself should you find a way to travel to different worlds.
You have a complete genetic archive of all life on earth through its entire history to the present or one other setting you choose with perfect understanding of its contents. This archive grows and updates the more species you encounter and take samples of.
The intuitive ability to break down and understand complicated subjects, principles and objects through observation.
You can sense any and all forces/energy, including time and space, or supernatural energy in general. Can sense any corruption or infernal power within something or someone even if they are suppressing it. Can sense any purity or divine power within something or someone even if they are suppressing it.
You may sense all supernatural creatures, and pierce through things like illusions and invisibility automatically. This sense is perfect and infallible.
You gain the power to see souls and spirits in a manner you decide. Whether its information on a game screen, a glowing ball inside their chests, or another.
You will quickly discover that a large amount of unseen spiritual beings exists, although their exact nature and abilities are for you to discover.
You can uplift more primitive groups of humans to the standard of science and technology that you understand.
You can teach others magic systems even if they previously lacked the capacity, and they in turn can teach others, and they others, ad infinitum. You can even share your Essences and any other abilities you have via blood to your specifications if you desire. Essences and abilities shared in this manner can be passed on through the family lines of those you share them with.
Anyone you train will be able to grow in ability extremely quickly than they would be able to otherwise.
You may with sufficient effort and example eventually help anyone for whom you had the responsibility of ruling, raising, training, or engineering to become Unchained themselves. Likewise, all of your genetic descendants will also be Unchained, and their descendants in turn, ad infinitum.
You have perfect control over your fertility/virility [and menstrual/breeding cycles], your line will never suffer from any issues of inbreeding or unwelcome mutation.
Your offspring can inherit your abilities, either at full power or weaker. This can only happen through your consent, and if you desire it. Offspring created by cloning or by other means will not have your power.
You also have minor porn logic.
You have excellent parenting skills, allowing you to handle 18 (19?) children without neglecting anyone of them, and can shower them with parental love and affection without showing any favoritism.
Even with limited resources such as money and food, you will and can properly take care of the 18 (19?) children without straining yourself.
You can properly convey what your intentions and feelings towards your children are without any miscommunication or blunder. Accepting your reasoning is up to them, though you are incredible at convincing your children as long as you take your time.
Fate, Destiny, and coincidence will bend, twist, warp, and maneuver to keep your friends and family yours. That doesn’t mean they are bound to you forever if they honestly want to move on, just that things like individuals with mind control abilities, infernal lust powers, or a dirty monster tries to claim them these attempts at taking them will fail quite spectacularly. You can sense any who try to claim what is yours and who they are.
You are able to sense the mood of those around you.
Your voice is always the perfect pitch [encompassing the full human range with your vocal cords always ready for a speech or singing without problems regarding built up phlegm].
You do all the right things, no matter what group you happen to be in at the moment making you the perfect guest or member of whatever crowd you’re associated with.
You have no problem keeping on your feet, no matter the circumstance, possessing perfect balance.
You can differentiate between dozens of sounds amidst a cacophony.
You gain a musical sense that would allow you to write songs that would make all the great song composers green with envy.
You have a very enhanced learning rate when it comes to anything related to song and dance and music.
Increased lung capacity and a menacing/inspiring/imposing/mad laugh that can trigger localized thunderclaps and short lived, harmless lightning storms for dramatic effect even on a perfectly clear, sunny day at your discretion.
Perfect drawing skills including CGI.
You will never end up worse off than when you started, as this Elixir will protect you from the negative aspects of your own subconsciousness.
You receive a cloak or set of robes that makes you immune to the essences of those you have granted to others. The cloak is nearly indestructible and regenerates if damaged It can also sustain you indefinitely as long as it is worn, you can summon it to your side in an instant. The cloak can shapeshift into other clothes on demand.

Jobn
Essence of the Tool-Assisted Speedrunner
You can speed up or slow down your own perception of time at will. You may choose to freeze time entirely and advance the world one Planck time at a time if you wish.
You can move backward on your personal timeline at will. In other words, if it is currently Tuesday, you may return the world to the way it was on Monday, with the only remnant of Tuesday's events being your own memories. You will be returned to the exact state you were in on Monday. There is no limit on the frequency or length of your movements.
You can create "save-states," freezing the exact state of the universe into a mental object which you can freely load, restoring reality to that state, even if you have previously gone back in time to change the timeline so that that state would never occur. You may have any number of save-states.
You can save a series of actions that you have taken as a "macro" and automatically execute that series of actions again. If you execute the same macro from the same save-state multiple times, you are guaranteed to produce the exact same result. You can speed up your perception of time to instantly skip through your execution of a macro, if you wish.
These powers can never be taken from you and will always persist, even if you die.

Essence of the Well-Prepared Wizard
You gain the effects of various slightly souped-up spells from Dungeons & Dragons.
Freedom of Movement: You can move and act freely under any circumstances. Magic or other supernatural effects cannot bind you. Mundane effects, such as people trying to grab you or difficult terrain, simply fail. You can act as nimbly underwater as you can on land.
Water Breathing: You can breathe water as easily as air.
Overland Flight: You can fly as easily as walking at about 10 mph. Higher speeds are possible with exertion proportional to the higher speed. You can float without moving, if you wish.
Greater Invisibility: You and anything you are wearing or carrying become invisible.
True Seeing: You can see through magical and mundane illusions, as well as darkness. You can see the true forms of anything that has been transmuted by magic, including shapeshifters. However, you cannot see through solid objects.
Mind Blank: You are protected against any magic that would detect, influence, or read emotions or thoughts. Any mind-affecting magic affects you as if you were an inanimate object (which generally means not at all). Any magical attempt to view you, specifically, will fail, and any magical to attempt to view an area you are in will fail to detect you. Sufficiently advanced technology that is indistinguishable from magic may be regarded as magical for the purposes of this spell.
Contingency: You may spend an hour meditating to set a condition under which Greater Teleportation will be cast on yourself as well as a target destination. If in an appropriate setting, you may substitute Plane Shift for Greater Teleportation. The condition must be clear and unambiguous, but it can be as general or convoluted as you wish. After the condition is met and Greater Teleportation is cast, you must wait 24 hours and complete another hour of meditation to prepare Contingency again. You can also meditate to change the trigger condition or destination.
Greater Teleportation: You instantly teleport any distance to a location you have been to or at least have a fairly detailed description of. Anything you are carrying or wearing comes with you, as does anyone touching you if both you and them consent.
Plane Shift: You instantly travel to another plane of existence or alternate dimension. You can set a particular destination on the plane, but you may appear up to 500 miles away from your chosen destination. Gear, clothing, and willing allies can be brought with you, as with Greater Teleportation.
These spells can be toggled on and off at will, except for Contingency. They are considered inherent parts of your being, and do not interact with any effect that detects, suppresses, copies, or in any way interacts with magic.

Addemup

Essence of the Portal Network
By drinking this mildly sour tasting essence, you gain the potential to create a portal network that spans the entire omniverse.
Initially, the network will merely consist of a single two-way portal between your Earth of origin and one other.
This first alternate Earth will have nothing supernatural within it, but will more than likely have a point of divergence that occurred up to one hundred years before your Earth's current year.
In addition, this first alternate Earth's current year is at least twenty years and at most fifty years behind your own Earth's timeline.
The portal itself is no more than one meter in radius, and is also located somewhere within or nearby your primary place of residence that you can easily access.
With time and experience, you can potentially create more portals to additional Earths/worlds/universes/etc, and expand the size of existing portals.
As an example of how long it will take you to expand the capabilities of your portal network, it would take you about two to three years to open a second portal to a third alternate Earth - but only if you didn't actively work towards this goal. If you were to actively work towards this goal, on the other hand, it would take you anywhere from two weeks to a year and a half, depending on the amount of time and effort you put towards this goal.

